: Thank you. Next question is from Amyn Pirani from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Amyn Pirani: Most of my questions have been answered. When we look forward into next year and you
partially answered this question, on the hatchback segment obviously this year we’ve grown but
on a four to five year basis it continues to be on the lower side, where do you think the trigger
10 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 24 January 2023could come from, is it just because rural is also strong as per your commentary so, is it just the
cost increase which has happened or the customer preferences have changed one way and this is
just something that will continue or is there something which will be a trigger for the car category
to actually start growing especially the segment which is five or six lakh below, because if the
share of first time buyer does not rise, do you worry that the momentum for the overall car
market or the passenger vehicle market could slow down over the next 12 months?
Rahul Bharti: Not over the next 12 months, because as of now the outlook seems to be healthy. But yes, it is
an area of concern. Possible triggers could be, one, the income distribution, if in that segment
more employment and income creation happens in the economy, it will be very good for us. And
at least in terms of regulatory requirements there would be some headwinds. The cost of such
requirements impacts smaller cars more. So, let’s wait and watch for some more time how the
economy shapes up. We do think, it’s still a large chunk it’s about 35% of the industry.
Amyn Pirani: Okay, is there at least in your own numbers, is there a discrepancy of finance availability and
ease of financing in the smaller hatchback versus the bigger vehicles because overall I think the
industry is at whatever 80%,-85% financing penetration, but is there a discrepancy and can that
be a lever or that lever has been used already?
Rahul Bharti: I don’t think finance is a hurdle or an impediment. So, there is very healthy finance penetration.
In fact sometimes the rural penetration is more than urban. So, finance is not a factor.
