: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is
from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Kapil Singh: Firstly, I wanted to check on the gross margins. We have seen good improvement this quarter.
So, if you could just call it out in terms of mix and commodity benefits, how much have you got
from both separately and also going ahead do you expect significant commodity benefits to come
in or most of them have been realized?
Ajay Seth: So, sequentially, there has been improvement in virtually all areas except for the fact that the
sales promotion cost is higher this quarter, compared to the previous quarter. But if we look at
our initiatives at the cost side and including the commodity, there has been an improvement.
There has been significant improvement in the exchange rate. And also, there has been some
reduction that we see in the overheads, where we’ve cut down on some of the expenses. So,
overall, you will see a reduction on various accounts. Mix, of course, has a positive impact,
because the proportion of bigger cars have gone up. So there’s a favorable mix that we see in
our portfolio. So, it’s a combination of these factors which has resulted in improvement of
profits, in spite of the fact that the sales promotion is a little elevated in this quarter. So, that’s
precisely the answer to your question.
Kapil Singh: Okay. And sir are we expecting more commodity benefit going ahead?
Ajay Seth: So, commodity benefit also comes with a quarter lag, now it’s kind of stabilized. I don’t think
that moving forward, you are going to see more impact, because this has mostly been factored
in now. There could be some small impact that we will see in quarter 4, not significant impact.
And then we will have to watch the trend of the commodities moving forward for the next year.
So, I would say that there could be a minor impact in the next quarter, not significant.
Kapil Singh: Okay. And sir second question was on demand, just if you could share the outlook that we are
seeing across segments or even rural versus urban, and we’ve launched two new models, would
it be possible to share what kind of reception and order books we have on Jimny and Fronx as
of now?
5 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 24 January 2023Rahul Bharti: So, Kapil fortunately the demand scenario seems to be healthy as of now. And urban-rural mix
is also same, rural continues to be strong at about 44%-45% and we are happy with the bookings
of the Jimny and the Fronx. For next year, industry has not come out with a number, I think
SIAM looking ahead conclave will be sometime next week. But what we are thinking is, that we
should grow faster than industry.
Kapil Singh: Okay, great sir. Any numbers to share on Fronx and Jimny booking or is too early?
Rahul Bharti: Too early, but we’ve got a good response at least from the Jimny.
