: Thank you. Next question is from Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Kumar Rakesh: My first question was around the point which you talked about that Maruti is aiming for SUV
market leadership in FY24. So, now, the SUV market has become very different from how the
passenger car market is where you have a very strong market leadership more than 50% market
share. And it’s dominated by you whereas SUVs far higher segmentation and multiple players
with high market share. So, how do you see that industry moving forward now with your models
coming in and your aspiration of having the market share leadership in SUV and also 50%
market share overall in the country. Do you see that you will be able to push the SUV segment
as well as consolidated as the passenger car market is?
Rahul Bharti: So, the hatches and the SUVs are a different story. As far as SUVs are concerned, it is good to
see that the Indian customer is moving up and is becoming more aspirant and he has appetite for
the latest features and technologies. And we are equally happy to provide such technologies and
features in our cars. And with the latest two offerings that we have recently launched, we have
four SUVs now the Brezza, the Grand Vitara, the Jimny, the Fronx and some of these are
constrained by supply. So, as and when the supply situation improves, we are quite confident
that we will reclaim the number one position in SUV segment also. There was some delay in the
launches but now we are there.
Kumar Rakesh: Got it, thanks for that. My second question was around the impact from the semiconductor
shortage. So, you talked about that in the December quarter there was production impact of about
46,000 units. This was high compared to what we had seen in the September quarter for about
35,000.
Rahul Bharti: Marginally higher. That’s a lot of dynamism and uncertainty in this, it’s quite random and we
are takers in this market, can’t do much about it. We are making lot of efforts in reducing our
requirement of semiconductors to the bare minimum. Sometimes for commonisation across
platforms, we use a higher specification, the highest common work. So, there we are going
variant wise and reducing the semiconductor requirements so that the same number of
semiconductors can service more cars. So, all those kinds of efforts, de-population, value
engineering et cetera we are doing from our end, of course we are trying to get maximum from
the market and our suppliers.
Kumar Rakesh: So, my reading in that case should be that the situation is not worsening, it’s more of a reflection
of our mix changing towards SUV and higher need for SUV chips?
Rahul Bharti: Broadly yes, but once in a while it does give you a surprise. So, I would prefer not to comment.
