: Next question is from Pramod Kumar from UBS. Please go ahead.
Pramod Kumar: Sir my first question is, if you can help us understand what is the average discount for the quarter
given that retails were disproportionately higher than wholesale. So, what is the average discount
per car?
Ajay Seth: So, the average discount in this quarter is at Rs.18,291, this is higher than quarter 2. In the
previous year quarter 3 discounts were 15,200 and quarter 2 (this year) discounts were at 13,840.
So, discounts have been higher this quarter, because the retails are much higher than the
wholesales, so obviously therefore, this combination of discounts depends on what retails are
you doing.
Pramod Kumar: Thanks sir. And given this, the average ASP normalized for discounting have shot up by 8.5%
quarter-on-quarter. Clearly, there was some bit of a push in SUVs, as SUV category share went
up, but if you can just help us understand what is driving this kind of very, very sharp jump in
ASPs, and given that there was not much of a pricing action, you’ve taken prices higher only in
January. So, if you can help us understand how should one look at this price or average jump in
ASPs and how should we look at it as you increase your SUV proportion closer to the industry
standards, closer to the industry average from the current 21%.
Ajay Seth: So, in the beginning we talked about the kind of traction that we have on the SUV segment. And
the demand for the newer models and the bigger cars is significantly higher. In fact, there is not
so much pull for small cars at this point in time. So, the mix is gradually changing towards bigger
cars and the price difference between the two is significant. So, if you’re selling one Alto versus
one Brezza or Ertiga or a XL6, it’s almost two and a half to three times higher. So, that mix
makes a significant difference and the realisation increase that you are seeing now is basically
because of that mix change. Even in the order book the bulk of the orders that we have are for
the bigger cars.
Pramod Kumar: So, in a way this is a positive journey, in terms of if you start selling more and more higher
bigger cars, it’s good for the ASP, it’s good for the percentage profitability and overall profits
as well.
Ajay Seth: It’s good for the ASP. Profits will keep depending on what margins you make on a particular
model at any given point in time. But yes, ASP will definitely go up.
6 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 24 January 2023Pramod Kumar: Because there’s no discounting pressure on the Utility Vehicles at this point of time.
Ajay Seth: Yes, for the time being but as the markets mature in these segments we will have to wait and
watch. But what you are saying is correct for the time being.
Pramod Kumar: And as a second question on the Boosterjet engine, because that’s a welcome comeback by you.
And I understand, picking up interviews of management from Auto Expo that this one is a
localized engine. So, if we can help or confirm that it’s more or less confirm but, if you can help
me understand does it mean that the cost structure for this is going to be much better than what
you had earlier on the Baleno which was the imported engine. And also, how should one look at
scalability of this engine to the other models because if you can have it on Brezza or Jimny you
can have much lower GST rate for example, to begin with because you are paying higher GST
than some of your peers in that category. So, how should one look at the scalability of this
Boosterjet engine.
Rahul Bharti: So, Pramod, Boosterjet engine is one of the new additions that we have and obviously our effort
always is to localize to the maximum using volumes. So, as and when we get customer response,
the volumes will scale up and the localization will also improve with time. And I don’t think
there is any GST difference because it’s in the same segment so it both come into small cars.
Pramod Kumar: No, sir I am talking about if you were to theoretically put this in the Brezza, which is 1.5-liter
petrol replaced with a Turbo Booster 1 liter, your GST rate would definitely come down, right?
Rahul Bharti: So, this is one of the options that one could explore, yes you are right.
Pramod Kumar: That’s a pretty good big one given that Brezza is already doing so well despite the price premium
and if we can further improve the comprehensiveness of the pricing that’s a welcome for both
the company and the customers, right?
Rahul Bharti: Thanks for the suggestion.
Pramod Kumar: And sir CNG finally how you are seeing the uptake from CNG with elevated because last quarter
if I’m not wrong, you did have higher dispatches of CNG as well, which also probably helped
your mix to an extent is that right?
Rahul Bharti: So far CNG penetration is fine. But we are concerned that the prices are abnormally high and
industry has represented to the Dr. Kirit Parekh Committee. I do not know how much time the
government takes on accepting the recommendation from the committee. But if the
recommendations are accepted, then it would provide some breather to the CNG sales. At least
in commercial vehicles (CVs), sales have been impacted significantly.
