: Thank you. Next question is from Binay from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Binay: Just a clarification on some of the earlier points made both from gross margins. Firstly, on the
FOREX side in quarter 2 we had almost a 50-basis point gain on FOREX because of Yen
weakness, will that number be similar in Q3 because that ideally should reverse right in my
understanding, if you have any data on that. Secondly, is it fair that Mr. Seth said that
commodities headwind in Q4 if I hear him correctly?
Ajay Seth: So, I made two points, please understand that the commodities and foreign exchange impact
comes to us with a quarter lag effect. So, effectively most of the rates that you see are for the
previous quarter. So, therefore, there is a significant benefit that you see from quarter 2 to quarter
3. We have captured the quarter 2 rates, therefore the increase in benefit, even for quarter 4,
there will be a blended quarter 3 benefit that you will see. We are completely hedged for the
year as far as the Dollar-Yen is concerned. So, therefore on the Dollar-Rupee side on the direct
imports, we are Dollar surplus. Although if you take indirect import, we have payables, it’s not
a very significant portion as it used to be earlier given the fact that royalty is now paid in Rupees.
So, there will be benefit of foreign exchange in this quarter and it will remain stable next quarter.
However, moving through the first quarter of next year, we will have to see, we are partially
12 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 24 January 2023hedged of exposure. We’ve taken hedges for next year as well. So, we’ll have to see what rates
we finally get based on the exposures that we will incur in the first quarter, but definitely the
favorable rates that you see in quarter 2, 3 and 4 maybe reverse slightly in the next year.
On the commodities I mentioned that commodities have been cooling off, we have seen a
reduction in steel prices which have been negotiated for the year. So, we are very clear that
commodities will remain where they are. The precious metals are also stable at the moment,
barring a few commodities which have shown some inching up like copper, et cetera. So, there
could be status quo in fourth quarter or slight increase or slight reduction depending on how they
shape up. But for the next year, it’s difficult to predict now because it will depend on how
commodities cycles move. We do take hedges, from time to time, on the metals that can be
hedged and we have positions that we have taken for this year as well as for the next year,
especially on precious metals, and a few other commodities.
Binay: Great sir, that is very helpful. Sir on the FOREX side just to remind us, Yen will be around 12%
or 13% of your sales, Yen denominated direct and indirect imports, would that be a fair number?
Ajay Seth: Our total exposure on Yen is about close to 100 billion Yen (for the year), which is both direct
and indirect put together. Imports are largely Yen denominated. Although we have also dollar-
rupee exposure on payables. But this is the large piece of exposure that we have.
Binay: Great, that’s very helpful. And lastly, just on exports any views on we’ve had almost 9%- 10%
growth in exports this year. How do you seek exports on growth next year. Thanks.
Rahul Bharti: So, fortunately, the traction from the markets is giving good signals. I think we’ll be constrained
by our supply.
Binay: Okay. So, that hopefully results in better pricing. Thanks for that.
