: Thank you. Next question is from Raghunandhan N L from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.
Raghunandhan N L: Firstly, sir considering the large order book and low stock with dealers, how are you seeing on
the ramp up of production. Q3 was impacted by lower working days and also the maintenance
7 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 24 January 2023shutdown and also the supply issues which you alluded to, but can Q4 be better than Q3. What
I’m trying to get is that is there a gradual improvement in terms of supplies and with more
working days would you be seeing a better Q4 compared to Q3?
Rahul Bharti: Thanks, you are absolutely right the number of working days in Q3 were less because of the
maintenance shutdown and because of some level of semiconductor constraints, the production
was lower. On production capability fortunately we have some headroom. So, the bottleneck as
of now is semiconductors, the situation has improved, but I wish I could give you a better answer.
Still there is uncertainty and we also get to know just a month in advance how much would be
the available for the next month. So, we are also hoping and making efforts that semiconductor
availability improves and we are able to service demand in the market.
Raghunandhan N L: Got it sir. On the hatchback side, do the share has been reducing there has been positive growth
in the hatchback volumes and going forward towards the next year. How do you see the segment
trending do you expect growth to continue, what would be the triggers which would help the
hatchback demand because what I understand is the customers have been postponing the
purchase of entry level vehicles. And they could come back if the situation improves, how are
you looking at that particular market coming back?
Rahul Bharti: So, we would still like to put a lot of effort on hatches. Because if Indian Passenger Vehicle
market has to grow from the current 3% penetration, we want more people from the 97% club
to come into the 3% club and chances are that their first car would be a hatch. So, we would like
to facilitate that to the maximum. Unfortunately, whatever cost increases that we have, in
percentage terms, the impact is higher on smaller cars, because the cost increase is fairly constant
in absolute terms, but on a lower price of the car, it translates into a higher percentage. So, we
would like hatches to continue and fortunately there is positive growth as you said, but as a
segment the share has come down. As of now we are hopeful that hatches should also grow.
Raghunandhan N L: Got it sir. Lastly on Grand Vitara there has been good acceptability, volumes have been trending
higher, Q3 volumes are better than Q2 and though Maruti has only marketing margin that doesn’t
seem to have impacted our gross margin. So, just wanted to understand would it be fair to assume
that at EBIT margin level even Grand Vitara would be broadly similar or near to the blended
margin?
Rahul Bharti: As a policy you’re aware, we don’t comment on segment or product specific margins.
