: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pramod Amthe from Incred Capital. Please go
ahead.
Pramod Amthe: So, first question is with regard to strong hybrid, what’s the type of waiting you have and what
type of supply chain challenges you’re facing and how are you trying to overcome the same?
Rahul Bharti: So, it’s a new product with a new technology and because of its immense carbon reduction
benefit, at some point of time, we would hope that the government also gives it a proportional
support as it gives to other technologies. In Grand Vitara, in terms of pending bookings, about
23% to 25% penetration is of strong hybrid, which is positive.
Pramod Amthe: Okay. And is there a supply chain challenge to address the waiting period?
Rahul Bharti: Semiconductors.
Pramod Amthe: Okay, nothing on the battery side per se?
Rahul Bharti: No.
Pramod Amthe: And second one is with regard to the flex fuel product which you displayed, congrats on that.
Wanted to know since you’re talking this for 2025, what’s the cost benefit economics which you
will play here one. Second what type of infrastructure challenges you expect or you want to fall
in place before this rolls out in 25?
11 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 24 January 2023Rahul Bharti: So, it has a cost impact over a normal gasoline car. Some things in the engine and fuel lines, they
need to be changed and some additional sensors and some additional equipment needs to be
installed such as heaters, ethanol sessor to detect the percentage ethanol in the tank, corrosion
resistant pipes, et cetera. This is for the cost of the car. In terms of running cost, the ethanol has
to be at least about 35% cheaper than petrol for anybody to start using ethanol because the energy
content is about 30%-35% lesser. So, that is on the running economics and what we are excited
about ethanol is the carbon benefits, because given the biofuel, the biogenic nature, the carbon
emissions are significantly lower and India because of its agricultural context can produce huge
quantities. So, we will support the government in this technology.
Pramod Amthe: And do you see any infrastructure challenges in terms of this fuel being made available and
what’s the government thought on the same?
Rahul Bharti: There are some challenges, dispensing, et cetera but they are the normal challenges which India
has. The availability is one question mark, how much will be available, will sufficient quantities
be available and what will be the pricing. So, efforts are on in all directions. On one side is the
vehicle technology, the second ethanol supply chain including distribution, production also.
Pramod Amthe: Okay. And the last one since you said the carbon benefit is there any clarity that you will get a
benefit on the CAFE norms with this product or that is yet to be followed?
Rahul Bharti: It is not a benefit; it is the right carbon accounting for ethanol as a biofuel.
Pramod Amthe: Right. But there was ambiguity right in the sense whether they will account it or not?
Rahul Bharti: Yes, as CO2 is significantly lower for a flex fuel car.
