: Thank you. Next question is from Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Gunjan Prithyani: Couple of questions. Firstly, just quick bookkeeping numbers, what was the royalty rate in this
quarter as well as if you can share the retails done in the quarters as well?
Rahul Bharti: Royalty was about 3.9%, because the mix slightly more towards newer models and retails were
about 4.8 lakh units in the quarter in the domestic market.
8 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 24 January 2023Gunjan Prithyani: Okay, got it. Now, just moving to the questions, first one I have is on the these two new launches,
which you showcase if you can just give us some color on by when these would be available in
the market at dealerships and what sort of timelines should we be looking at and, maybe I’m not
as clear in terms of positioning of Fronx, if you can help us understand where, where are you
looking at this, more in the CSUV segment or micro UV where is it positioned in terms of the
market sizing when you are putting this in the market?
Rahul Bharti: Early next financial year, we mentioned spring, we should be out in the market. And we are
collecting bookings as of now, they have got good response from customers. The Jimny as we
say is “Purity of Function”, which is a true off roader with many modern features as Mr. Seth
mentioned in his initial remarks. The Fronx is a compact SUV and the shape is entirely fresh
and new. So, we are calling it the “Shape of New” and it will have its own fan following, own
set of customers who would like it, typically we’ve seen that customers take liking to a particular
shape and we’re waiting for customer response on this.
Gunjan Prithyani: Okay, got it. The second question is on the regulation now, there are three sort of regulations
which keep cropping up RDE, CAFE, airbag, which again is still a few months away, but if you
can share where we stand on these regulations in terms of transition as well as how should we
be thinking about incremental cost pressure because of these regulations and the second part to
that will be given we did make the diesel exit a couple of years back, how does that position us
versus the competition some color on that?
Rahul Bharti: Okay. So, as far as the safety regulations are concerned, six airbags, three-point seatbelt and
seatbelt reminder, SIAM is in discussion with industry on the lead time for implementation. So,
that is already under discussion. We are not discussing cost much but it generally cost about
Rs.20,000 higher for the entire system of airbags including the electronics, the controllers the
total delta in cost between a two airbag car and a six airbag car. On RDE, it is actually a subset
of BS6 phase II, BS6 phase II have RDE & diagnostics. So, we are comfortably positioned to
meet it, not much cost impact either, at least on gasoline, I do understand on diesel there would
be a sizable impact. And this is one of the reasons why we had taken the call on diesel much
earlier. And with every passing day, the feeling gets reinforced that we took the right decision.
The last is CAFE. I do not know how many of us are aware Maruti has the least fleet carbon
dioxide emissions in the entire Indian car industry, despite all the global players present here. It
will get better with time, so this year would be better than last year. We are comfortably
positioned on CAFE and we will support the government’s carbon reduction efforts and also oil
import reduction efforts.
Gunjan Prithyani: The government has been talking about these penalties, any idea as to are these already under
implementation from FY23 onwards and companies which don’t comply will be penalized do
you have any color on that?
Rahul Bharti: It is still a subject under discussion, but our understanding is that it will need more detailing and
a framework of rules to implement. So, we’ll have to understand the details before we can
conclude.
9 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 24 January 2023