
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Moshe Katri
Thanks. Happy New Year and congrats on very strong results. One, I know you just reported
Q3 but are you ready to talk about the entire calendar year down the road, 2022. What has
changed in terms of visibility, may be that is the biggest question if this is sustainable down
the road. And what can you talk about in terms of color to give us that comfort. And then maybe
you can talk a bit about some of the cushion in margins and what sort of levers that you have
in the model, especially as some of the bench continues to benefit from the off campus
recruiting that has been pretty robust?
9Salil Parekh
I will start off with the first part and then Nilanjan will comment on the margin levers. Of
course, as you referenced, we have guidance till March 31 of this year. The color for this
calendar year, broadly we see the demand environment remaining strong, the client budgets are
looking good. Our overall pipeline is the largest we have had in a very long time, the number
of large deals that we were able to close, as Nilanjan shared- 25 large deals each over $50 mn
for a total of $2.5 bn and 44% of these are net new. So, all of those things are giving us good
confidence to what we see going ahead. Of course, we will have our guidance for our financial
year in April. Nilanjan over to you please.
Nilanjan Roy
Moshe, on the margins, like I mentioned earlier they were quite resilient for the quarter. A
couple of things I just want to call out – the cost levers whether it is onsite or offshore mix, the
pyramid, whether it is automation – these are some of the things which we continuously look
at deploying. Subcon costs for us have really ramped up and that is an area we will continue to
look going ahead. The other thing is pricing and it is important to talk about that as the higher
cost now starts feeding into our new deals, that should hopefully have benefits and as digital
talents start getting priced in, we are able to show value to our clients in terms of the business
transformation. This is something we have started recently. It will take time to pick up and we
have talked about it in the last quarter as well. But really that is our focus - we can start getting
into both our cost side and also make sure that we are not leaving any free cents and dollars on
the table as part of our pricing negotiations.
