
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Infosys Earnings Conference Call. As a
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to
Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you Sir!
Sandeep Mahindroo
Thanks, Margreth. Hello everyone and welcome to Infosys Earnings Call to discuss Q3 FY22
results. I am Sandeep from the Investor Relations team in Bengaluru. Let me begin by wishing
everyone a very happy New Year.
Joining us today on this earnings call, is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Nilanjan
Roy along with other members of the senior management team.
We will start the call with some remarks on the performance of the company by Salil and
Nilanjan, after that we will open the call for questions.
Please note that anything that we say, which refer to our outlook for the future is a forward-
looking statement, which must be read in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. A
full statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which can
be found on www.sec.gov.
I would now like to turn it over to Salil.
Salil Parekh
Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call. Wish you all a Happy New Year and
trust you and your dear ones are well and safe. Thank you for making the time to join us today.
I am delighted to share with you that we had an extremely strong quarter with 7.0% sequential
growth and 21.5% YoY growth in constant currency terms. Our YoY growth was the fastest
we have had in 11 years.
3The growth was broad-based across industries, service lines and geographies driven by our
differentiated digital and cloud capabilities. A strong broad-based growth in a seasonally weak
quarter is a clear testament to the enormous confidence clients have in us to help them
accelerate their business transformation.
This has been made possible by the relentless commitment of our employees through these
challenging times. I am extremely proud as well as grateful for their extraordinary efforts in
delivering success for our clients.
Our growth has been accompanied by resilient operating margins at 23.5%. We delivered these
margins while keeping in the forefront our focus on employees with increased compensation
and benefits.
Our digital business grew by 42.6% and is now 58.5% of our overall revenues. Within digital,
our cloud work is growing faster, and our Cobalt cloud capabilities are resonating tremendously
with our clients.
Some of the highlights of our results are
1. Revenues at $4.25 bn, with a growth 21.5% YoY and 7.0% sequential in constant
currency
2. Broad-based growth across all our industries, service lines and geographies. All our
segments reported a strong double-digit growth,
3. Large deals at $2.5 bn,
4. Onsite mix at 23.8% and utilization at 88.5%,
5. Operating margins strong at 23.5%,
6. Free cash flow at $719 mn,
7. Attrition increased to 25.5%. Our quarterly annualized attrition was flattish on
sequential basis.
8. We had a net headcount increase of 12,450, attracting leading talent from the market.
We have increased our annual college recruiting target to 55,000, and Nilanjan will
comment more on this. We remain comfortable with our ability to support our clients
in their digital transformation journey.
4Financial Services grew at 15.5% in constant currency with broad-based growth across
geographies and steady deal wins. Various subsectors like lending, mortgage, cards, payments
are seeing increasing demand and clients are driving cloud transformation initiatives to build
resilient and scalable platforms.
Retail segment growth was 19.8% in constant currency. Across sub-verticals we see increased
client spend on digital transformation including digital supply chain, omnichannel commerce
and large-scale cost take out initiatives to improve business resilience. We signed six large
deals in this segment during the quarter.
The communication segment grew at 22.2% on constant currency. Segment performance
continued to improve with ramp up of recently won deals. Client budgets are focused on digital
and customer experience programs, increasing networking infrastructure, cloud adoption and
security with emphasis on 5G roll out and innovation spend.
Energy, utility, resources and services vertical continued its steady performance with 13.6%
constant currency growth and 5 large deal wins. We are seeing gradual improvement across
various businesses as consumer spending continues to increase and clients focus on increasing
technology transformation around areas like customer experience, cybersecurity and workload
migration to the cloud.
The manufacturing segment growth accelerated to 48.4% in constant currency with continued
ramp up of the Daimler deal and steady momentum in new deal wins. We see across the broad
improvement within various subsectors and geographies and expect client focus to continue in
areas like smart manufacturing, IOT, digital supply chain and connected products.
High tech growth improved during the quarter to 18.9% in constant currency. Clients are seeing
renewed momentum in terms of spending on digital transformation programs linked to
customer, partner and employee engagement.
Life Sciences segment performance also improved further to 29.2% growth. Adoption of digital
health, telehealth and patient access programs are resulting in significant uptake of cloud, IoT,
patient facing applications, patient portals and next generation CRM work.
5We had a very strong performance on our income tax program in India. Over 5.8 crores or 58
mn tax returns were filed using the new system, by the deadline of December 31, 2021. On the
last day over 46 lakhs or 4.6 mn tax returns were filed and during the peak hour over 5 lakh or
500,000 tax returns were filed. We are proud to be supporting the digital strategy for India and
for the government and working on this program for future modules that will be developed.
Across digital services in Q3 we have been ranked as a leader in 12 digital service-related
capabilities from Artificial Intelligence and Automation, Cloud Services, IoT, Engineering,
Modernization and Big Data and Analytics.
The strong overall performance stems from four years of sustained strategic focus in areas of
relevance for our clients in digital and cloud, continuing reskilling of our people and deep
relationships of trust our clients have with us.
With this strong momentum in the business and robust pipeline we are increasing our annual
revenue growth guidance from 16.5% to 17.5% moving up to 19.5% to 20% in constant
currency. Our operating margin guidance remains at 22% to 24%.
With that, let me hand it over to Nilanjan for his update.
Nilanjan Roy
Thanks, Salil. Hello everyone and thank you for joining the call. Let me start by wishing
everyone a very happy and safe 2022.
Q3 was another successive quarter of continued acceleration in revenues at 7.0% constant
currency QoQ growth and 21.5% constant currency YoY growth, the highest YoY growth in
the last 11 years.
Despite the Q3 seasonality, we registered strong broad-based growth across geographies and
verticals. Our largest geography North America grew at 21.4% while growth in Europe
accelerated to an impressive 27.2% YoY in constant currency terms. Retail, Communication,
Manufacturing and Life Sciences also saw 20% or higher YoY growth in constant currency.
We won 25 large deals, and large deals being those with over $50 mn TCV, totaling $2.5 bn of
TCV - 6 in Retail, 5 each in Financial Services, Communications, and Energy Utilities
6Resources and Services, 2 in Manufacturing and 1 each in Hi-Tech and Life Sciences. Region
wise, 16 were from the Americas, 7 were from Europe and 2 from RoW. The share of new
deals increased in Q3 to 44% within the large deal numbers.
Client metrics improved further with $100+ mn client count increasing to 37, an increase of 8
YoY. We added 111 new clients in the last quarter.
Operating parameters remain robust. Utilization was 88.5% slightly lower than the previous
quarter easing some of the supply side pressures. Onsite effort mix inched up marginally to
23.8%.
Q3 margins remained resilient at 23.5%, a marginal drop of 10 basis points versus previous
quarter. The major components of the sequential margin movements were as below.
• 80 basis points impact due to comp hikes and promotions and other employee
interventions.
• 40 basis points impact due to the utilization decline.
These were offset by
• About 20 basis points benefit due to the rupee and other cross currency movements,
• 50 basis point benefit due to cost optimization, and
• 40 basis points benefit due to SG&A leverage other one-offs included therein.
Q3 EPS grew by 11.2% in dollar terms and 13.1% in rupee terms on a YoY basis.
Although DSO increased to 71 days due to higher seasonal billing, an increase of 5 days versus
the last quarter, it is still a reduction of 2 days versus Q3 of prior year.
Free cash flow for the quarter was healthy at $719 mn. Free cash flow as a percentage of net
profit was 93% for Q3 and 104% for the nine months till date.
Yield on cash balances improved to 5.29% compared to 5.13% in Q2.
7Our balance sheet remains strong and debt free. Consolidated cash and investments at the end
of the quarter stood at $4.28 bn after paying over $840 mn of interim dividend during the
quarter.
Return on equity increased further to 30.4% an increase of 3% over Q3 of the prior year driven
by robust performance and consistent capital returns through share buyback and increased
dividend payout.
On the employee front, voluntary 12 months attrition increased to 25.5% and as Salil
commented while LTM attrition continues to increase due to the tail effect, quarterly
annualized attrition was flattish compared to Q2. We will continue to invest in all aspects of
talent retention including compensation, promotion, skill incentives, learning and career
progression.
We have also simultaneously increased the pace of hiring, talent reskilling and the usage of
subcon to prevent any impact on client commitment. We have added 12,450 talented employees
on a net basis in the last quarter, which is the highest ever. Our global college graduate hiring
program for this fiscal has been increased to over 55,000 versus the previous quarter number
of 45,000.
In India over 93% of Infoscions have received at least one dose of the vaccine. Over 97% of
our employees globally are presently working in remote environment, due to the heightened
precautions against the new variant.
Driven by robust demand environment and our continued market share gains, we are further
increasing our revenue guidance for FY22 to 19.5% to 20% in constant currency terms from
16.5% to 17.5% earlier and the margin guidance remains unchanged at 22% to 24%.
With that we can open the call for questions.
