
24Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vimal Gohil from Union AMC. Please go
ahead.
Vimal Gohil
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a great quarter. My question is on your
employee cost which partially has been addressed but how should we think about the core
employee cost growth which comes under the cost of revenue which has seen around 4%
CQGR increase over Q1 of FY2021 versus the 6% revenue growth and this has been in light
of a very sharp increase in attrition and of course further supply challenges and etc. So, if you
can just highlight, are our wage hikes in line with the industry or have they been much higher
than the industry? How should we think about this historically and if you could give some kind
of an outlook over there as well? Thanks.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so you have to see both employee cost and subcon together as the cost of people as a
combination, you cannot see one in isolation that is number one. Number two, just from an
overall cost perspective, we of course are very focused on the attrition and being competitive
in the markets as well as being employer of choice for many of our employee. Going ahead
when we look at intervention on the compensation side like Salil said, we did across, in January,
we did across the board, in July we have done across the board, in Q3 as well we have done
very segmented and for targeted talent and we will continue doing that into Q4 etc., looking at
high points of attrition and doing it much more tactically to see where we are seeing demand
being high in the markets for those skills and target those employees really. So, I think it is
very nuanced like I said and we will continue doing that.
Vimal Gohil
Sir, so basically if we were to look at your guidance, it implies 0% to 2% sort of a revenue
growth in Q4. Considering the fact that there were some furloughs in Q3, your revenue growth
could be higher than what you have reported in Q3. So, is your guidance conservative at this
point in time how should we think about that?
Salil Parekh
25In terms of the guidance, it was very strong. It is 19.5% to 20%. There is no further color in
saying whether it is conservative, aggressive, or stable. We see a very good demand outlook;
we see good large deals and good portfolio and the guidance is a very big move up from where
we were in the last quarter.
Vimal Gohil – Union AMC
Fair enough Sir. Thank you so much and all the very best.
