
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please
go ahead.
Sandeep Shah
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a solid execution both on revenue and
margins. The first question is CY2021 or FY2022 had a benefit of mega deal wins especially
from Vanguard as well as Daimler as well as some amount of pent-up demand for you as well
as the industry. So, the question is entering into next year do you believe that these elements
one has to take care in terms of tapering off any growth in the next year or you do believe the
digital adoption or the cloud adoption journey has a low penetration which does not make us
upset in looking in the next year in terms of the growth momentum?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for your question. First, the guidance increase, as I am sure you are seeing this for the
year ending March of this year. We are not yet commenting in terms of quantitative guidance
for next year. What is clear nonetheless is the demand environment remains strong and our
portfolio of services and capabilities, especially on cloud and digital are resonating well with
clients so we see a good pipeline for that. Our large deals in this quarter also very strong. We
continue to see a good large deal pipeline. We have seen a steady expansion of our clients over
$50, $100, $200 mn and so on. We have seen that expansion within clients is working very
well and also our new client wins and new accounts are working well. So overall we have the
various elements of continuing this demand environment strongly but we do not have a specific
guidance yet for year starting in April 1, 2022.
Sandeep Shah
Fair enough and just last two bookkeeping questions. The way I look at is Daimler deal has
two legs to ramp up one being the rebadging and employee related ramp up and second being
the pass-through data center related ramp up. Is it fair to say that most of these two legs ramp
20up is largely behind or may continue in Q4 as well as 1Q of next financial year and second in
terms of FY2022 wage hike, is it largely over or something is due in the fourth quarter as well?
Salil Parekh
On the Daimler, we do not have any more specifics. I can understand what you are looking for,
but we have not gone into that specifics now with Q3 and Q4. The overall guidance for increase
of the revenue covers all of that including Daimler and many other clients and especially with
Q4 and the seasonality of that quarter.
In terms of salary and compensation increases, we have done three of them for this year. There
is nothing specific that is planned for Q4. We will start to look at what we will do in the next
financial year but nothing specific is being planned in Q4.
Sandeep Shah
Thanks, and all the best Sir.
