
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go
ahead.
Nitin Padmanabhan
Good evening, everyone and thanks for the opportunity. I had two questions. The first is on the
employee side. If you look at the employee cost under cost of revenue, it has consistently been
down as a percentage of revenue, it has actually below what it used to be pre-COVID and a lot
of growth has actually been added on the subcon side and even if you look at the numbers, it
looks like most of the additions are all freshers. So, keeping this dynamic in mind, just wanted
to understand as we go forward and may be attrition normalizes, how do you see this subcon
evolving from an operational perspective, do you think you will have to hire these
subcontractors directly on to your rolls and would that involve slightly higher cost, so how
should one think of this dynamic overall was the first question?
The second question was around the digital proportion of the business has meaningfully gone
up and if you look into the next year and I am sure it will be even higher. From that perspective
does that mean that our ability to sort of garner price increases will be far higher going into
next year than what you see today? Thank you.
Nilanjan Roy
18I will take the first question on subcon. As Salil said the demand environment is so strong that
we do not want to leave anything on the table and therefore whether it is through subcon or
through lateral or freshers, we will first intend to fulfill that demand and of course over a period
of time we will optimize that entire structure. So, whether it is programmed to rehire some of
the subcon, some of them we will of course lapse and then we will get the lateral hires, some
will be promoted, so within that the dynamics will play itself out over the next year. But at the
moment it is critical that we do not leave any demand in the table and of course this will remain
a optimization lever for us. We were one of the lowest in the industry at about 6.9%, pre-
COVID and we are above 11% now but this is the lever, we will have over the medium-term
to optimize.
Salil Parekh
On the pricing, as the digital work will increase what we have been putting in place which is
demonstrating to our clients the value creation through digital will give us a larger opportunity
for that because the revenue will be larger. So, I think your assumption is absolutely valid, you
will have an additional ability to do that as long as we execute in that value.
Nitin Padmanabhan
Thanks for that. Just a clarification on the first answer, so on the first point considering fresher
addition are so strong this year and subcon is so strong does it mean that next year our ability
to add as many freshers will be little more inhibited, in the sense that we will need to focus a
little more on laterals next year, is that a way to think about it?
Nilanjan Roy
No. I do not think so. I think we will continue to have a very robust fresher program - it has
always been there. We have a strong internal rotation program so people based on the skills,
we take them through our reskilling program and we then move them to new project,
promotions etc. So, in that sense we think it will be a combination of both laterals and freshers,
and I do not think we see a change in that.
Nitin Padmanabhan - Investec
19Fair enough. Thank you so much and all the very best.
Margaret - 