:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nilanjan Karfa from Nomura. Please go
ahead.
Nilanjan Karfa:
Just want to dwell on that last question on the higher recoveries in the retail and business
banking portfolio, obviously in the last year we had pretty high slippages, I think between
fiscal 2020 and 2021, the retail slippages had more than doubled, so I find it quite curious
that while it was challenging in collections this quarter, we had slippages and we also
had collections, so would you elaborate what kind of slippages actually we had seen last
year because I am guessing that all of the collections which had happened in this quarter
were from the last year slippages and therefore colour of the recoveries that had actually
happened in this quarter, so that is my first question.
Rakesh Jha:
Nilanjan, again just to say, if you look at the last year, bulk of the NPL additions happened
in the March quarter. If you look at the slide 31 of the investor presentation, out of Rs.
128 billion of the gross NPA additions in FY2021, close to Rs. 100 billion was in Q4-2021
on an actual basis, not on proforma basis. The stock of NPLs did go up quite substantially
in the last financial year and as I said we were expecting recoveries to be pretty high this
year and for Q1 sitting in February or early March we would have thought of an even
higher number than what we eventually had in the quarter. The collections, for example,
in the first couple of weeks of April was still relatively okay. June as we mentioned, things
started to get better specially from the second week onwards and again the benefit of
Page 20 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
the retail portfolio is that it is a very granular portfolio. These are home loans, car loans,
personal loans, credit cards. So, there will always be additions and deletions that will
happen in this portfolio. Again, I don’t want to put out a number on this, but if things
remain, the third wave is not at all as intense as what we saw in the second wave and it
is much milder, then we would definitely expect to see better recoveries in the second
half of the year as well.
Nilanjan Karfa:
May be I will need a little more color, but to cut to the chase, given that we are saying
that second half, I think the Q2 itself, I think you are calling out to be slightly better in
terms of lower additions, let us keep aside third wave for a while and you are saying the
second half will be a lot better in terms of additions and collections equally, would you
want to call out that gross additions will be lower than last year? I think last year, we have
seen something around Rs. 160 billion, would that be the case, do you want to hazard a
guess and secondly, would you still want to manage 25% provision to PPOP ratio?
Rakesh Jha:
On the gross additions, it is difficult to say. The fact is that in the first quarter, the
additions on a gross basis were Rs. 72 billion. Will the additions fall off as sharply or
remain at the same levels as last year, that looks difficult. But again the way we look at it
and specially on the retail portfolio is that we have to take into consideration the deletions
and recoveries that happen as well. In the retail portfolio you will see additions and
deletions all the while. So even if the gross additions were to be higher than last year, I
think if you look at the recovery number, that would also be meaningfully higher than
last year. So, we expect some improvement in the September quarter and then
meaningful improvement into the second half of the year. It is difficult to hazard any
specific number on that and again all of this is also subject to how the pandemic plays
out from here and there are so many other factors as well. This is the best estimate that
we can have right now.
Anup Bagchi:
Rakesh, I thought I will just give a colour on the consumer behaviour because I think
there is an angle of consumer behaviour here. We had seen last time also that the
Page 21 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
moment there is uncertainty and there is a bit of anxiety, generally, the trend is to hoard
cash and get into emergency funds. So, emergency fund this time around also we saw
that there was a shift and obviously the bounces and the overdue position worsened in
April and May. This is on the asset side. We also saw on the liability side, people taking
out cash from ATMs and keeping it at home, so we also saw withdrawal and you will see
across the banking system in general that the retail FD growth rates have been lower this
quarter. Actually, we have to see this liability and asset movement with the consumer
behaviour and in the first two months and first fortnight of June also, the anxiety hasn’t
fully gone, it is in the second fortnight of June that some bit of confidence started to
come back and once the confidence started to come back, there is an unwind of the
emergency funds that people want to keep. Emergency funds, they keep by way of
delaying repayments and also if they have got balances in their liabilities account,
keeping it in cash because this time around for hospitalization and buying of medicines,
etc., actual cash was required. We saw that consumer behaviour as well, which is why
you will see that in upgrades etc., it will also move a bit with the sentiment, which is why
we saw higher upgrades in Q1, bulk of it also came in June. April and May bounce rates
and overdues had worsened, in June it had improved substantially, July also the trends
are better. I thought I will just overlay the consumer behaviour and what a consumer is
thinking and its impact on the asset side as well as on the liability side.
Nilanjan Karfa:
Anup, just a follow up on this, I mean given the kind of customers let us say these are,
obviously I don’t have a lot of color, do you have to actually go out and collect or these
are like more digital savvy and all?
Anup Bagchi:
No, actually a very good question, so we have to look at it product by product., So in
jewel loans for example, because the customer’s jewelry is there with us as collateral,
people walk in and pay most of it, we don’t go out and collect. So that got impacted
more in the first quarter and then, of course the issue of auction was there. On the others,
most of our collections, 90% plus, now we are collecting digitally. We are not sort of
sending people and doing all of it. We are collecting digitally and over a period of time
for us, most of our collections are through digital modes and this has been increasing
Page 22 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
over a period of time. For non-account holders there are auto debits through NACH. Bulk
of it is all digital collection, so our dependence on actually people going out and
collecting does get impacted, to some extent, I will not say it doesn’t, but our
dependence on that, let us say, compared to one or two years back, is now much lesser.
So, to that extent, we are okay. We are more driven by the consumer behaviour and the
anxiety levels in the market, so if we were to sort of plot an anxiety meter versus
movement on the overdue as well as on the liability side, you will see that they are fairly
co-related. So I would say that is a much bigger driver than sending people and
collecting. Our dependence is much less and we would continue to make it less and less
dependent on that.
