:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahesh M B from Kotak Securities.
Please go ahead.
Mahesh M B:
Just one question from me to Anup. Anup, just trying to understand and taking the
previous question forward, in the recoveries that you have done this quarter, especially
let us say in mortgages, have you had to see fairly large credit cost or do you think that
the LTV was good enough that you had to make very limited provisions out there from
write-off perspective?
Anup Bagchi:
No, in general, Mahesh, even in 2008, we didn’t lose on the mortgage side. One, our
LTVs are well controlled and number two, many of them, most of them in fact are either
where customers are staying there, so it is an SORP, the self-occupied residential
property or the source of income and customers would not want it to get mortgaged and
sold. So essentially that is the situation actually on the mortgage side. So, there are no
losses as such which have come in mortgage. Actually, we don’t have to sell. In
mortgages, the fact is that even in 2008, we didn’t have to sell that much actually to
recover and even when we had sold, again it is all past, because we will have to see if
we have to sell what happens, there is no great loss or anything like that. Credit costs
are very low plus our provision coverage ratio is very good. Actually, I would say that
for a mortgage kind of business, this kind of provision coverage ratio certainly will do
better with high probability and high confidence of course in the future.
Mahesh M B:
Second question, just that given the fact that you have been a little bit more, let us say,
you are just kind of giving a little bit more of a helping hand to borrowers, if the customer
Page 29 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
does remain in the NPL book, but is starting to repay the loans and given the fact that
they may not be able to pay all the installments and upgrade to standard, your first option
is to continue with the borrower or you would want to kind of take some actions on
them?
Anup Bagchi:
What actions to take, I am not clear actually on the question?
Mahesh M B:
It is essentially a recovery activity through an auction of the underlying property or the
vehicle, etc.?
Anup Bagchi:
Basically, the stand we have is not to take the collateral and sell and recover, that is not
the first choice we have. Our first choice always is that customer should keep the
collateral and they should pay us back and generally we have seen that is how it happens.
So, there are cases, where we assess whether it is a complete loss of income or it is a
temporary loss of income. If it is a complete loss of income and customer says that there
is no way in which I can pay you and here is the collateral, you know I am willing to give
them, then we will take that action, but that is not the preferred route for us. We have
seen that in most cases, in fact in majority of the cases it is circumstantial and not
intention to default. It is circumstantial and with the event flow it happens and people do
pay back and we don’t have to seize the collateral. In any case, economically also seizing
a collateral and selling is a more involved process. If it is a vehicle, then it depreciates, if
it is a real estate now, sale is low, commercial real estate sale will be slow, etc., so that
is not our preferred mode of recovery. Our preferred mode is that customer should pay
back.
