:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adarsh Parasrampuria from CLSA.
Please go ahead.
Adarsh Parasrampuria:
So, my question was on margins, it has been exceptionally strong, so just wanted to
understand sectoral growth is low, asset pricing is weak and we had a very strong
improvement in margin may be because of loan mix and liability, are we at peak margins,
we expect the bank can sustain these levels of margins?
Rakesh Jha:
On the margins, I think like we have been saying, our approach is to kind of see what
best we can do. I think the most important part of the margin is the deposit franchise and
the cost of funds and cost of deposits that we have. We have seen that decline in the
June quarter as well, the decline in cost of deposit is about 15 basis points. I think the
cost of deposits is now coming down to a bottom because incrementally the deposit
rates have not come down for a while. So it will bottom out soon. Yields have been very
competitive. I think across retail and corporate, the business teams have been very
conscious about the tradeoff which is there between growth, margin and profitability and
of course the risk part of it is well. Especially on the corporate side, we have looked at
the growth in a manner which is supportive of margins and operating profit, so that is
something that we will continue to do. This quarter, I guess some of the liquidity did
come off for us and that would have helped a bit. We also got some bit of higher yield
on the surplus liquidity as I mentioned earlier in response to Mahrukh’s query that we
had put some of our liquidity through FX swaps where the yield was a bit higher. But
those are not very significant numbers in the overall context. I think the risk to margin
will continue to be from competitive pricing and secondly, in our balance sheet now we
have fair bit of market benchmark linked loans. If we see any change in our funding cost
or deposit rate without commensurate change in repo rate by RBI, that could be a risk
factor as well.
Page 32 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
Adarsh Parasrampuria:
The SME portfolio has got a lot of dispensation in the last few quarters and it continues
now, so what is the risk from this portfolio in the second half of FY2022 when retail
normalizes, how are you reevaluating? Any context to how those portfolios are
performing there?
Rakesh Jha:
If you look at the business banking and the SME portfolio, we have described how that
portfolio has been constructed. In the business banking portfolio, the ticket size is pretty
low and it is pretty well collateralized. In the last year through the moratorium and after
that also the trends were quite stable and continue to remain the same. The overdue
levels in that portfolio are pretty much the same as we have had in the past. So, we are
quite comfortable on that. SME is slightly larger ticket size than the business banking
portfolio, the collateral levels are not at the 100% level that we have in business banking.
So, to some extent, SME does have a bit of higher risks than business banking. But again
in terms of the numbers that we are seeing till now, there is nothing that we are finding
which would be of big worry. There has been some increase in the overdue book in the
June quarter compared to where we were in the March quarter, but that was expected
and there are lot of them in the early bucket and we would expect that to resolve also.
So, we are quite comfortable on this book as we are seeing it currently.
