:
Thank you. We take the last question from the line of Jai Mundra from B&K Securities.
Please go ahead.
Jai Mundra:
One question on merchant acquisition business which you have given reasonably good
detail and looks like this is a clear focus area, if you can highlight what is the existing
merchant base, how much is the addition on a monthly basis and do you think that you
are the late entrant here and if you could also talk about the digital store management, it
looks very interesting, are you managing this thing or this is through tie-up with some
other Fintech? First question is on this merchant acquisition business?
Page 33 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
Anup Bagchi:
I will just expand your question a little bit. See there are three kinds of large flows that
are happening. There is a large corporate ecosystem where the flow happens, dealer-
vendor, their own working capital that flow happens. Second one is the flow that
happens on our business banking, SME and our trade customers who may have taken
credit, may not have taken credit, but both of them are essentially B2B type. Now, you
have this merchant, which is the B2C, when I am saying C it is the last leg, is essentially
with consumers and there is a payment leg involved, so you will see that most of the
solution on the merchant side essentially happens on the payment side. So, with the
payment, first the flow happens to you, so that is one movement that happens. So, there
is a large consumption basket which moves from savings account to current account or
reduction in OD, etc., essentially to the business side every month and that is where the
flow is. We have a decent market share there, so it is not right to assume that we have
low market share, we have decent market share, but the other players were stronger
than us for sure in this place. One big opportunity that is now coming is that there is a
divergence because the number of payment modes have increased, number one and
number two, if you look at the consumer behaviour that we are seeing, we are seeing
scan to pay, pay to contact, UPI payment, etc., those are also expanding, so P2M
transactions are expanding and as Sandeep talked about it in the opening remarks how
our P2M is moving and sequentially it is jumping. The other thing that we can do the
new merchant STACK that we have come out with and the super current account, we
are giving instant settlement. Our instant settlement is something which is of great value
to the customer and the reason why we are able to give instant settlement also is
because the whole ecosystem belongs to us, both on the saving side as well as on the
current account and the merchant side. So that is the one way of capturing this because
there are new modes of payment which is happening that opens up newer ways of
capturing that opportunity. The second one of course is that to aggregators, one
captures that opportunity and you tie up with aggregators and there you partner with
aggregators and then you capture this. Third of course is the traditional POS method.
We think that from a POS perspective, they will be with very large retailers. As you go
smaller and smaller, things will move towards scan and pay and other more contactless
methods and that is where one big opportunity is there. From our perspective, that is the
way we will be sort of thinking through this thing and making sure that the smaller
Page 34 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
merchants have a very strong proposition why they should deal with ICICI Bank, we will
partner, we will create our own solutions and we will make them more efficient and
effective and we will have more digital footprint, we will be able to lend them, so
essentially everything we will be able to do as against some other players who might
just be helping them with payment or some other players who will be helping just with
lending and at this point of time, banks will be slightly better placed on lending, if one
has digital footprint and underwriting methods because we have more data about our
own clients. At this point of time, it is moving at a fast pace I think it is a very interesting
area and an evolving area and not fully solved for. So that is the problem that we are
trying to solve for and we think that there is a good play there.
Jai Mundra:
Sir, any vision, what is the merchant base as of now and how big could it be?
Anup Bagchi:
Merchant base, just to give you some sense, there is no sort of direct data available, but
we would think that there will be close to 20 million merchants of all shapes and sizes,
small, big, very large, etc., of which may be 8-10 million would be of a reasonably size,
however there is no clear estimate available. We are sampling and I am just giving you
a data, it may be of 2% here and there, but there is no real data available, but I think that
would be the size. Our also estimate again, take it with a pinch of salt, because there is
no such data available. The monthly movement from savings account on the
consumption per month ranges between 2-2.5 trillion per month, so that is the kind of
movement that happens on the savings account to the merchant account every month
across all payment modes. So, this is across all payment modes. We might not have
captured some, but that is our best estimate. We don’t know, this estimate could be
higher, certainly not lower, but it may be slightly delta high. So that is the kind of money
movement that is happening. But as you know payments in itself is not a profitable
business. Payments generate a profit pool in terms of data which can then be used for
underwriting, cross selling other products. We are in a unique position because we have
deposit float and with that float we make some money which other players in the market
may not be able to do as they don’t have a similar type of liability franchise. So I thought
I will just give you some sense, may be 20 million merchants in total. Of it, 8-10 million
Page 35 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
could be some estimate. Don’t hold me to estimate because these are the estimates from
our own sampling. This will give you some sense and certainly two trillion plus
movement on consumption from savings account to merchant accounts per month
across all payment modes. I am just trying to estimate the size of the market for that.
Jai Mundra:
Second question that is on floating rate book, so I think Rakesh mentioned that now the
floating Repo rate/T-Bill linked loan is around 54% and that is a huge number, limited
understanding suggest that I think Rakesh also mentioned that this should be NIMs
accretive in a hardening cycle, provided RBI also increases the Repo rate, but any
thoughts as to what could be the unwanted consequences because I suspect that the
liability may not be this dynamic at this point of time?
Rakesh Jha:
So, the risk here is essentially that our deposit rates or deposit costs go up prior to RBI
increasing the Repo rate, the lead and lag problem will be there and over the cycle
hopefully it should average out. It is not something which should happen anytime soon,
but when the tightening happens the market rates could go up before the repo rate at
points of time specially on the wholesale deposit side. That is the risk of mismatch
because on the liability side, like you rightly said, that is all fixed rate deposits or CASA
deposits. There are no floating rate liabilities which are there. So we will have to manage
that as and when that plays out. As I said over a period it should average out, but there
could be a lag in that.
Jai Mundra:
And last thing on business banking and SME, you have cut out business banking from
retail, as of now the proportion is around 5% of the book I am not a guidance, but what
is your 2-3 years vision? How big can this be? Business banking and SME if you have a
number as to what could be their proportion of the total Bank’s loans?
Page 36 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
Rakesh Jha:
In terms of proportion, we don’t have a target there. In terms of the business opportunity
for both the business banking and SME segment, we believe there is huge opportunity.
Our own market share in this segment in the past has been somewhat lower than the
share that we have in other businesses. We have been taking a lot of initiatives on the
technology and digital side and Anup talked about many of them. I think these initiatives
are really enabling us to grow not just on the lending business, but also on the current
account and FX and transaction banking side. So it is a portfolio in which we believe
there is lot of opportunity. We don’t have any specific growth target or portfolio
composition that we want to reach there.
Jai Mundra:
And the last data keeping question Sir, if you can bifurcate restructuring, so you have
given the outstanding restructuring, what was restructuring done in 1.0 and 2.0 and is
there any residual pipeline for 2.0?
Rakesh Jha:
On slide 32 we have the aggregate restructuring under various frameworks such as
Covid 1.0, Covid 2.0, extension of DCCO to projects under implementation, MSME
schemes, etc. As there are so many schemes, we thought that it is better to give an
aggregate number of fund based outstanding to performing borrowers which are loans
which are under resolution. Going forward, I think like we mentioned that we will see
some restructuring happening in the Covid 2.0 framework on the retail. For example, it
could be for some of the existing NPAs or for new loans. So in the September quarter
we will see some increase on account of that.
