:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal
Securities. Please go ahead.
Page 20 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
Nitin Aggarwal:
So, firstly, while our mortgage processing is quite strong, but just to understand if you are
seeing any impact on growth in the metro and the Tier I cities as other banks are now
competing aggressively on rates?
Rakesh Jha:
We have talked about the fact that we look at customer 360 and so we don’t look at just a
single product in most of the instances now. When we give out a home loan, we also have
the customer opening their savings deposit with us and this is true across all the products.
The customer 360 is a very key thing for us and similarly looking at the entire ecosystem,
be it a corporate ecosystem or any other ecosystem that we focus on. We look at it on an
aggregate basis and the contribution to operating profit again on an aggregate basis. So,
you have seen the volumes that we have been able to do on the mortgages in this quarter,
both the year-on-year growth and the sequential growth reflect that. So, there are
opportunities for growth. We will of course not go completely bottom fishing in terms of
the rates which are there. But we have also brought down the headline rates with some of
the competition bringing it down. Overall with the cost of funding being where it is, and
the fact that the mortgage customers are sticky customers, give us the opportunity to
service them across wide range of product and services over a long period of time. We
are comfortable with the profitability levels and would continue to look at growing this
segment.
Nitin Aggarwal:
Rakesh on the card side, we have been reporting very strong market share gains and credit
card spending has come back. But, in general, how has the asset quality been trending?
How is the customer behavior in that space? If you had to benchmark profitability in this
segment, because this is like another high yielding segment and we are doing very well
here. So, to benchmark ICICI Bank say in the industry, where will we be in this space on a
scale of 7 to 10? Anything that you can indicate, any qualitative flavor?
Page 21 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
Rakesh Jha:
So, credit card is again an important product like mortgage. Credit card is a product which
is used frequently by the customer, so you kind of end up getting an opportunity to service
the customer on an ongoing basis. So it’s a clear focus area for us and Anup has talked
about it in the past as well. The tie up that we have with Amazon has really worked well
for us. In terms of growth again, you have seen the growth that we have seen in the cards
in force or the credit cards spends and the market shares have also improved for us. In
terms of profitability, it’s not that we have the numbers of all the players in the market so
it is difficult to comment in terms of on a comparative basis. But credit card is always a
portfolio where the returns have been pretty good. If we look at the experience of the last
18 months through the Covid-19 period, the numbers in terms of NPA additions or credit
losses, given the pandemic, have actually clearly been better than what we would have
expected. So, those are the trend which are there. Anup, you want to add something?
Anup Bagchi:
No.
Nitin Aggarwal:
Sure. And lastly on the performance of the ECLGS portfolio, how has been the collection
efficiency trends in this portfolio and for loans which are out of moratorium?
Rakesh Jha:
So, I would say something similar to what we said in the last quarter’s call. Overall, our
focus while implementing the scheme was to restrict ourselves to customers where the
business models are not broken and we would have the ability to recover these loans. So,
overall, that means that it’s not a portfolio where we are overly worried but indeed some
of the ECLGS customers would have had relatively higher stress than the rest of the
portfolio. So, there could be NPL additions which could be somewhat higher than the rest
of the portfolio, but we don’t think that it is going to be anything which is material. We
have disbursed about close to Rs.140 billion under the ECLGS 1.0, about Rs. 20 billion
under the ECLGS 2.0 and we are quite comfortable with what we are seeing in terms of
the trend there.
Page 22 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
