:
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first
question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Elara Capital.
Mahrukh Adajania:
My first question is on provisioning policy. Was there was any tightening of provisioning
policy this quarter too?
Rakesh Jha:
No, there is no change in provisioning policy that we have done during this quarter.
Mahrukh Adajania:
In terms of restructuring, what would be the tenure of moratorium? How much moratorium
have you given on an average on retail loans?
Rakesh Jha:
It would vary across the products but maybe typically you can say about a year or so.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Within restructuring, you said that 95% is secured assets, but if you follow the loan
composition, so it’ll be a higher proportion of mortgages, would that be fair to assume?
Page 14 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
Rakesh Jha:
The restructuring is spread across the portfolio. So, indeed there will be mortgage
portfolio, commercial vehicles, there will be some amount of car loans, smaller amounts
of business banking; it's spread across all portfolios. There is nothing specific to highlight
on that.
Mahrukh Adajania:
My last question is on loan growth. Of course, you've achieved a very good loan growth
and from third quarter we will hit a very high base as well. But given the loan demand that
you see and the under penetration in your own liability accounts, would 6-7% sequential
growth be possible over the next few quarters?
Rakesh Jha:
Our focus is on growing the risk calibrated core operating profit. I think loan growth is one
of the drivers. Depending on the overall demand, the risk that we perceive, the pricing, we
will look at the growth numbers. Clearly there is momentum and you can see that in the
sequential growth during the quarter. If you look at business banking, SME, retail, a lot of
initiatives that we have taken also on the digital side, on easing the customer onboarding
process, the underwriting process, all of that is helping. On the corporate side again, we
get to look at all the deals which are there in the market but the market is pricing loans in
a certain way given the surplus liquidity. So our focus there, for example, is a lot more on
the entire corporate ecosystem and looking at the core operating profit that we can
generate and not just the loan growth. So, we would not want to comment on any specific
sequential growth numbers. Based on the opportunities which are there for us to increase
our operating profit, we will grow.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Any comment on corporate capex visibility?
Page 15 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
Vishakha Mulye:
I will look at the capex from the private corporates, the PSUs and the government. On the
private corporate side, a certain segment yes, but not really in a big way. People are
spending money on the capital expenditure more to balance the capacities and so on and
so forth. But we see a good traction on the PSU and the government side.
