:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand Dama from Emkay Global. Please
go ahead.
Anand Dama:
Sir, my question is on the restructured portfolio. One, is there any residual pipeline in
terms of restructuring that we will have and secondly you have made about 20% odd
provision on restructured portfolio, any guidance that you can give on the additional
provision which would be required on the restructuring portfolio beyond the 20% that we
have already made?
Rakesh Jha:
Anand, I didn’t get your second part of the question well, but I’ll answer. If I miss something
then just let me know. On the pipeline as per the RBI guidelines, the requests had to be
received by 30th of September. There would be some cases which would still be under
implementation at 30th of September as you know these are retail loans and it does take
some time for all of that to get implemented. So, there would be some amount of
restructuring increase that one will see in Q3. But in the overall context it is not going to
be any material number I would say. It will be definitely be less than Rs. 10 billion. That is
what is there in terms of the pipeline.
On provisions, the RBI requirement was to take about 10% provision on the Covid-19
restructured loans, against that we have taken 15% provision. Some of the loans which
have got restructured were NPA and have got upgraded due to restructuring. In those
loans we have carried forward the provision which was made when they became NPA, so
that’s the reason why we have an overall provision of about 20% on the restructured
portfolio. As I mentioned earlier, predominantly the secured portfolio has got restructured
so we would expect to recover and collect on these, but it’s something that we will assess
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. At any point of time, if we believe there is higher provision
requirement we would be happy to make that. One should also consider that we in any
case have Rs. 64.25 billion of Covid-19 related provisions as well. If you look at the
numbers that we have put out as per the RBI requirement for disclosure, the slippages
from the restructuring done last year have not been material in the first half of the year. Of
Page 23 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
course some of those loans or actually many of those loans would still be under
moratorium, like I said earlier, moratorium is anywhere between 6-12 months. So, we will
continue to assess this portfolio and if required we will make some more provision. On an
overall basis, we are quite comfortable with the provisions at the Bank level and this
quarter in any case we have not even utilized or written back any of the Covid-19 provision.
Anand Dama:
Sir, that’s very comforting. Second question is about the ICICI PayLater book. There is lot
of buzz about BNPL and we are also dominant player in that. Is it possible for you to give
some trends in terms of how that book is playing up. ICICI Bank’s Amazon Pay card has
done very well, so if you can provide some numbers in terms of your PayLater book?
Anup Bagchi:
So, I don’t think we have provided the numbers. The whole spectrum of credit in this space
is becoming very interesting. You normally have credit card which is a fantastic and a very
flexible instrument. Then of course you have the EMI on credit and debit cards and now
BNPL. All of these are also installment products. But the difference between BNPL and
other products is that BNPL is essentially driven by merchants and so there is an implicit
promise to the merchants that if you give BNPL, their average order value will increase.
So the cost to the merchant is higher than sometimes the credit card MDR that we give
out and then there is the economics in between. So we have a full spectrum of affordability
products of which PayLater also is one of the products and we have credit cards and EMI
on debit and credit cards. So, from our perspective, as a bank because we have got the
flexibility of instruments and a full spectrum. We would want to certainly be there in all
spectrum depending on what customers and merchants want. We should be able to
provide them with all the options that they have.
The good thing that has happened in the last three years is that the whole merchant
ecosystem has become very digital, right from onboarding. UPI is virtually zero MDR. So,
you can have EMI based credit product based on that as well. What has happened is that
it has become very digital and so the cost of onboarding has come down. The cost of
reconciliation and credit delivery has come down, which is why you will see that this area
of merchant ecosystem is exploding in a very big way. Large brands like us have a natural
Page 24 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
advantage to play that game because we already have a large sort of footprint. We have a
large merchant footprint from a current account perspective. We see a lot of flow
happening through us and so we can do underwriting and onboarding digitally quite easily.
So, actually it’s an interesting space which is unfolding. But BNPL is a form factor of credit
delivery and we look at it that way. It’s not a completely new product in the market. It has
been there in various shapes and forms. BNPL of course has its own advantages in the
sense that it caters to the need of a customer. Customers may not be having credit cards,
or they may not be having bureau scores and these underwritings are on the fly, so it’s a
good form factor and it’s a good product for many customers. Our PayLater product also
is positioned well and the other thing about many of these affordability products is that it
is at the place of purchase and you don’t have to go outside to take the loan unlike personal
loans, etc. It’s not a new thing exactly, credit card was always there, but in a new way it is
coming so the space is interesting.
Anand Dama:
So, basically the acceptability among the customers certainly has gone up. So is it to some
extent cannibalizing on our low value credit card spends?
Anup Bagchi:
No, we haven’t seen that as yet. So, from an affordability perspective there are two things,
one is that first you have to ascertain the underwriting of the customers. Once the
threshold is reached, where there is return of capital is, I will not say assured, but you have
a high confidence on return of capital, then the next immediate thing is creating a very
decongested and easy process. Because if you have a very difficult process, customers
will not take credit, they will take some other route to take credit. So, if one can have a
very good onboarding process, a credit delivery, particularly an on the fly credit delivery
process and you can take care of the issues of the merchant, that is they get their money
and settlement and then you take over the settlement detail by way of postponing cash
flows from the consumer and you make that process completely seamless, you can give
it any name, you can give it revolver, you can call it BNPL. Everything is BNPL, actually
credit card is also BNPL. One has to make sure that it a very good customer experience.
Also, from a bureau score perspective, banks have new to credit customers because they
Page 25 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
have salary accounts. So, the banks can underwrite new to credit customers well and then
there is an added advantage that banks have of providing a very decongested on the fly
underwriting process and an ability to integrate with the merchant in a very seamless way.
So, that’s really the value to the ecosystem that the product and service should offer, given
that the demand for credit we have seen. So it gets picked up then.
