: We have our next question from the line of Pramod Amthe from InCred Capital. Please go ahead.
Pramod Amthe: Continuing on that CNG question, how has the mix of fleet versus personal bias changed in last
2 years? Can you give some color?
Rahul Bharti: Fleet versus personal buyers?
Pramod Amthe: Yes.
Rahul Bharti: We have a very good response from the personal buyers within CNG. But generally what we
have seen for example, the Ertiga is a very hot seller. So, that kind of impression that we are
getting is that Wagon R and Ertiga, Ertiga is more than I think 2/3rd is CNG. Wagon R also has
a high traction. So, the models with a higher boot space, they are going very well on CNG.
Pramod Amthe: You mean the commercial is relatively higher in these 2 segments. I was looking for more
commercials.
Rahul Bharti: No, it is not linked with commercial segment. So, if you have a bigger model and bigger boot
space, the CNG acceptance is far higher.
Pramod Amthe: The reason why I ask you is that there is some pressure on demand in the commercial segment.
Rahul Bharti: I’m so sorry. When I said that I meant trucks. Commercial does not mean taxis. It meant trucks.
So, when we discuss within SIAM, the commercial vehicle manufacturer, the trucks, they are
concerned about it. Not in passenger vehicles.
Pramod Amthe: And what’s the industry for vehicles mix, mix of personal and commercial for industry for the
car set for CNG.
Pramod Amthe: Yes. sorry. I was saying for car industry, CNG segment, what’s the mix of fleet and personal?
Rahul Bharti: I’ll have to get back with the figure, not readily available. But there’s a fair amount of spread
across all models, and even for example in models like Wagon R, we have a good level of
penetration and Ertiga has very high level of penetration. Dzire Tour are obviously because in
many places, it is mandated that they need to run on CNG, so we have 88% penetration. Even
the normal Dzire has about 35% penetration, the non-taxi Dzire.
10 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 28th October 2022Pramod Amthe: Second one is with regard to the strong hybrid which you have launched. Can you give more
details in terms of your cell or battery sourcing. What’s the type of localization you have in that
and sustenance of the current pricing, do you have more visibility on that considering that rupee
has depreciated and local content versus important content in those cells or battery?
Rahul Bharti: See, pricing is always dynamic. We keep watching the market, it’s a new product. And of course,
we are very consumer centric. So, we’ll keep taking a view on the market on a regular basis. As
you rightly mentioned the factors can change and if we get any kind of cost reduction along the
way normally, we do consider it.
Pramod Amthe: And any indication on localization there current and how you look at going forward, the cell?
Rahul Bharti: So, it is being manufactured at in Karnataka. So, the local content will also depend on our OEM
partner.
