: We have our next question from the line of Raghunandhan from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.
Raghunandhan: Firstly, order book is huge at 4.1 lakh as of the end of September and new products are 1.3 lakh
for the remaining portion which is large at 2.8 lakh. Can you indicate, which are the major
models?
Rahul Bharti: So, it's a mix, but mostly we have seen Ertiga has a high waitlist and anecdotally also you keep
getting requests for early allotment. Of course, the new models we have discussed, the Baleno
also has a high number and then the other models mostly equally spread.
Raghunandhan: And CNG will be 130,000, 140,000 units?
Rahul Bharti: Approximately Yes.
7 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 28th October 2022Raghunandhan: Sir, given the strong response for hybrid, there is a scope for launch of hybrids and other existing
model. What are the thoughts here? And typically, what is the timeline required for introducing
a new powertrain in existing model?
Rahul Bharti: Yes. So, we are also happy that the strong hybrid is getting a good response. In the Grand Vitara,
more than 35% of the total bookings that we have today are of the strong hybrid. This may be
slightly premature to conclude and so we'll watch this as it comes. And we'll try to look at other
options in other models also.
Raghunandhan: Lastly, the gross margin has improved 150 basis point quarter-on-quarter. So, can you indicate
what would be the contribution of GP by depreciations and commodity benefits for Q2?
Ajay Seth: So, sequentially, there has been a benefit on account of commodities because commodities have
come off. And also the element of normal cost reduction that we do. Even on the exchange rates,
we have gained there because the JPY depreciation has been steep during the quarter. So, there
are combinations of factors this time now which are all positive. So, one, as I said commodities,
second, I mentioned about regular cost reduction that we do and the JPY impact, overall impact
of the currency depreciation. So, all put together, you see a combination of these three are
impacting the gross margins to improve by what you've seen.
Raghunandhan: And how do you see the commodity benefits going forward?
Ajay Seth: Commodity benefits going forward is difficult to predict. Certain commodities have cooled off
and certain commodities are higher than the earlier period. So, it's a combination. For example,
anything related to oil, energy, et cetera is still expensive, where we've been shelling out more
money than before. But things like steel and precious metals have shown improvement. Now,
we will have to wait and watch in terms of how the future moves, I think it will at least remain
steady in the third quarter. But the indication given by our supply chain is that there could be
slight inching up in the fourth quarter.
