: We have our next question from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from MOFSL. Please go ahead.
Jinesh Gandhi: A couple of questions from my side. First of all, are we seeing any material impact on CNG
demand given the substantial price increases which we have seen and how do we see that
segment considering the price differential now?
Rahul Bharti: So, fortunately, till now, no, but there is a cause of concern, because of the high prices and we
have represented to the government on this. But we are informed that in the commercial vehicle
space, there has been an impact. So, CNG for us, this quarter was more than 20% penetration.
But we are engaging with the government to rein in the prices because this has nothing to do
with Indian cost. It is only linked to a global index, which has a force majeure kind of situation.
Jinesh Gandhi: Right. And similarly, are we seeing any impact on the export demand given that many of the end
export markets are witnessing challenges on currency and similar macro pressures. So, obviously
pressure in demand and this thing.
Rahul Bharti: So, fortunately, nothing so far. But we are watching the situation.
Jinesh Gandhi: And can you share retail sales in the current quarter and volumes in Gujarat?
Rahul Bharti: Actually, this is a continuous period starting from the first Navratra till end of December. Some
models are in transit, some we have stocked up for some particular orders. but we are expecting
that by end of December we’ll be able to sell a lot of models and keep our closing stock low.
Jinesh Gandhi: Sir, my question was retail sales for 2Q FY ’23.
9 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 28th October 2022Rahul Bharti: Yes. Because part of it was in the festive period, so that’s what. So, it is better to club till end of
December which means club it till Q3. Then have a view.
Jinesh Gandhi: And Gujarat production, would that be around that similar 31%-32% range or has gone up?
Rahul Bharti: About 31%. We did about 162,000 units from Gujarat, SMG.
