: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman
Sachs. Please go ahead.
Chandramouli Muthiah: And thank you for taking my question. The first question is on the Grand Vitara profitability.
Could you maybe share any additional color on how long you think this product could take to
reach sort of corporate average EBIT margin? So, from a percentage margin perspective, maybe
see scope for this product to reach the corporate average EBIT margin over time or is the
outsource manufacturing arrangement likely to sort of continue a shared margin structure with
Toyota.
Rahul Bharti: So, we do not comment on individual segment or individual product margins as such. But the
largest benefit was that it's a premium offering in the SUV space. And what we are excited about
is that a fair percentage of the bookings are in the higher variants. And this is both for Grand
Vitara and for the Brezza. So, a very good percentage of the bookings are from the upper or the
8 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 28th October 2022top variants. So, that is positive. And once we have volumes and we have presence in these
segments, profit automatically follows.
Chandramouli Muthiah: My second question is on the semiconductor situation. So, despite still a bit of a nagging impact
of semiconductor shortages, we seem to have hit sort of record production in volumes this
quarter. So, just trying to understand the few units that you are not able to produce this quarter,
what is the typical model mix there? Is it on more premium vehicles or some CNG vehicles?
Any color there will be very helpful.
Rahul Bharti: No, it's not like that. It's basically most of the constraint is coming from one electronics part
manufacturer and of course, it is in some specific models. So, hopefully, going forward, we hope
that the situation eases, though it is very difficult to predict.
Chandramouli Muthiah: And lastly, I just have a housekeeping question if you could maybe just give us the numbers on
spare sales and export revenues for the quarter.
Rahul Bharti: So, export revenue was about INR 3,400 crore for the quarter. And spares, generally, we do not
have a separate disclosure.
