: We have our next question from the line of Arvind Sharma from Citi. Please go ahead.
11 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 28th October 2022Arvind Sharma: Sir, first question would be on the capacity expansion. You did mention something like a lakh
at Manesar and further at the new plant. Is it possible to share some timeline about the net
capacity expansion, especially in the new plant, how much will it add? I believe it would be in
lieu of something which will go away at Gurgaon. So, what will be the net capacity addition at
the new plant?
Rahul Bharti: We are not looking at any kind of reduction in Gurgaon, in fact, at least in the shorter term, we
might have to increase production in Gurgaon. Kharkhoda plant, all plants, generally there the
optimum economic size is about 2.5 lakh per annum. Our first plant should be commissioned by
the first quarter of calendar ’25. And I think we already have to start thinking on the second plant
if demand growth continues in India. we are not looking at any kind of reduction in Gurgaon.
Arvind Sharma: This 2.5 lakh would be in addition to current and add to it 1 lakh at Manesar, right?
Rahul Bharti: Yes.
Arvind Sharma: Sir, second question more for the current quarter, what are the FX gains? Is it possible to quantify
the FX gains and where do they reflect? And also as corollary, what is the import content both
for your production in Gujarat and Haryana? What are the import content for these 2 plants in
these 2 locations and the FX gains this quarter?
Ajay Seth: Import content for both the plants would be similar. There is no difference because all the
procurement is more or less on the same basis. So, our total direct import content is about 4%.
So, it will fall in that category only both the plants. Similarly, I think the other thing is the indirect
import content which also would be in a similar category because the vendors are common and
the material that we have buying from the vendors are basically similar vendors. So, there is no
difference in terms of import content. In terms of forex, so between different currencies, there
have been gains. Largely on the import and export side, on the dollar-rupee exposure, we are
naturally hedged. So, we use a natural hedge route. On the dollar-yen, there have been maximum
gains in this quarter compared to last quarter and also last year because of the significant
depreciation of the currency. And the net impact of exchange rate, have been about INR 158
crore of gain in this quarter compared to first quarter of this year.
Arvind Sharma: This is the entire gain on the P&L, INR 158 crore?
Ajay Seth: That’s right. And they will be under different heads.
Arvind Sharma: Sir, you said direct import content of around 4%, what would be the indirect import content, if
you could share?
Ajay Seth: Between 10% and 11%.
