
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from JM Financial. Please go
ahead.
Manik Taneja
Thank you for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand we have seen a significant increase
in offshore mix of revenues over the last 18 months and this quarter saw a slight aberration.
What caused that and how do you see this going forward? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
The mix has changed over the last 18 months with a lot of the remote working that was put in
place and work from home allowing the work to be delivered from a different location with
tremendous yields and efficiency. What we saw in the last quarter was, some things have
opened up in terms of travel and we are also being extremely optimal in what we have done in
the previous quarters and this is something that has given us more ability to drive connects with
21clients and growth. We see in the medium-term, tremendous opportunity for an efficient mix
because clients have also seen that once the work is done remotely or work from home that
more opportunity exists, there are work to be done from a location further away. So, in general
as a medium-term trend we see that as a positive trend, we will have of course each quarter
some movements up and down but as a longer-term trend we see that as a positive trend.
Manik Taneja
Thank you Salil. I had one more additional question. Just wanted to get your thoughts around
what we are seeing from a revenue productivity metrics standpoint, for revenue per person
standpoint and while there is significant amount of offshore shift over the last 18 months, we
have seen utilization go up. So, what is causing the increase in revenue productivity despite a
significant offshore shift that we have seen over the last 18 months. If you could talk about
some of the factors that are driving it? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
On the revenue productivity there are a number of things that are going on. We see some of the
mix of our work which is also changing more to digital and there we see much more revenue
productivity coming in. As you pointed out utilization has also gone up. We will also see some
of our work, for example on the consulting side, data and analytics side growing well and that
is giving us some level of boost. There is also some impact which we have not quantified
externally on leveraging some amount of automation and platforms that gives us this benefit.
So, there are several factors at work despite the onshore offshore mix changes.
Manik Taneja
Sure, thank you and all the best for future.
