
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from BMO Capital Markets.
Please go ahead.
Keith Bachman
I want to pick up on the same line of questioning, if you could just talk about the puts and takes
as you see margins over the course of the next three, four, five quarters, really calendar year
2022 and I wanted to see if you could address what you think the impact would be for a few
things. For instance, one of the headwinds this quarter was utilization, how should we be
thinking about utilization transform during calendar year 2022? Number two you said attrition
was flat sequentially, how do you think about attrition trends over the course of calendar year
2022? Do you think that they can move lower or is the market such that demand is so strong
that attrition will probably remain elevated? Number three would be you just brought up travel
and any other issues that we should we be thinking about that may impact calendar year 2022
margins, and any other issues you want to bring up and that is it from me? Thank you.
Nilanjan Roy
12I think that we do not give up the margin guidance for the next year. Now having said that
looking at the headwinds, which we actually say pretty much every year are the compensation
hikes, you have clients coming back for discounts on renewals, and some of that you offset
with the cost optimization program which we run, and I mentioned that a bit earlier in terms of
whether it is a pyramid, whether it is subcon, whether it is automation, new levers which we
are looking at is pricing. So, that is something which we are continuously working on and
remain quite confident. Travel is one thing which is quite unknown at this moment in terms of
when does it come back, even if it comes back does it come back to pre COVID levels or in a
slightly lower levels so we will have to watch out for that really.
In terms of attrition, I think it is a larger industry issue. It is not peculiar to us and fundamentally
the volume increase for this industry has to come from freshers. Otherwise, it's a zero-sum
game – somebody else's attrition is my lateral and my attrition is somebody else's lateral.
So as long as the fresher intake starts increasing because first they have to come into training,
then they go into production after 3 or 4 months and that is something which will help with the
attrition in the medium term; and like I said we have seen attrition flattening sequentially on a
quarterly annualized basis and looking ahead we are seeing some positive signs, but it is too
early to say whether it will dramatically come down. But like I said, as freshers feed into the
system we should see the overall environment in terms of attrition in the market improving.
Keith Bachman
But any comments specifically on utilization? You think it will help, I heard it is neutral just
broadly, and as part of that the offshore percent of labor increase YoY, is that also a trend that
you think continues given the dynamics in front of you? And I will see the floor thereafter.
Nilanjan Roy
In terms of utilization, this is higher than what we would normally like to be. We would rather
operate at 85% to 86%, but having said that even if we bring this down in the future it is largely
at offshore locations because 75% of our effort is sitting there. Therefore, utilization does not
directly link to the margins because of the way the offshore costs operate, so that is one factor.
13The second question, in the long run - if you see, COVID, while it had a huge impact on
demand, the entire ability for the supply side to deliver in a remote environment really will
shine up, and that has opened up the eyes of many of our clients that every work does not have
to be done onsite. It can be done in a near shore location, it can be done offshore and I think
the beauty of that is secularly we believe this will help the industry in a much more larger
offshoring at an overall level and of course part of that benefit will be shifting more work to
offshore locations. So, I think this is a good sign. I think there can be short term impacts like
we saw this quarter, 10 to 20 basis points here and there, but the secular trend - we think we
will continue to see that the large global markets will open a lot more offshoring opportunities.
Keith Bachman
Many thanks. Congratulations.
Margaret - 