
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. Please go
ahead.
Ashwin Mehta
I had one question on the third party bought out items for service delivery. That item seems to
have gone up by almost $71 mn this quarter almost 1.8% of revenues, so just wanted to check
what does this pertain to and is it possibly related to the data center takeovers that we would
have done in some of our large deals.
Nilanjan Roy
As we are looking at in many digital end-to-end transformation, whether IT as a service, full
stack transformation, we have involved, infrastructure, SaaS, data, so it is a full stack
transformation and in many cases, these involve infrastructure and software as well. These are
bundled deals which are end-to-end transformation and we think they are important as well
going ahead when we look at these digital transformations. So, I think as part of our overall
deal profiles, we continue to see these deals giving us increased visibility into the organization
IT infrastructure and allowing our future deals ahead once we are pretty much front and center
in the IT landscape, so that’s what these are.
Ashwin Mehta
Just one last question, in terms of our margin outlook over the near term, do you think that with
the attrition starting to on a quarterly annualized basis normalizing, the interventions that are
required possibly go down in the near term so that we can possibly make a higher exit at the
end of this year, so that we can maintain margins in the next year as well?
16Nilanjan Roy
As I said we have not seen a decline as yet, these are flattening and probably will start inching
off, so we will continue to do what it takes to invest behind our employees because we know
this is more under comfort range which we would be happy in. So, I think it is premature to
say when this will really come off, but as of now we are focused in doing all these interventions.
This quarter itself like we mentioned 80 basis points of our margin was behind these employee
interventions.
Ashwin Mehta
Thanks a lot, congrats again and all the best.
