
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go
ahead.
Rahul Jain
22Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations. I have a question regarding the core revenue
which has seen stabilization this year, I think you have addressed this point partly but wanted
to understand what could be the prospect for this side of the revenue in the coming years
especially when we talk about so much shift to digitalization?
Salil Parekh
There we have no individual guidance for digital or for the core in that sense, even for Q4 or
for the next financial year. But structurally what is clear is we have been successful in driving
automation and modernization while we make sure that we are probably the most competitive
large player in the market, working with large clients. This certainly enhances the strong
confidence and if we can continue to execute on that, it will have its own benefits in the medium
term.
Rahul Jain
One more thing on the taxation part our tax rate you know steadily has been upwards of 27%
on an average, this looks little higher given the country where most of our earnings belongs to
so any flavor you can share in terms of what should be the ideal tax rate on a sustainable basis
and in near-term?
Nilanjan Roy
Our tax rate has always hovered around this 27%, 28% range and I do not think you will see
much movement going against the range. Because in any case, as you know, this is India rate
plus other countries. 25% is India-only rate. So I think, in the long run, you will be around this
range itself.
Rahul Jain
So which regions tax rate are much higher than the 25% rate also for taking this number higher
than the average?
Nilanjan Roy
23Yes, so see we cannot give that individually, but there are some jurisdictions and also in some
jurisdiction where those taxes cannot be set off here as well, so it is a combination of both.
Rahul Jain
Okay so if we are not able to set that off those results in double taxation. That is also a reason
okay got it thank you so much.
