
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Diviya Nagarajan from UBS. Please go ahead.
Diviya Nagarajan
Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on a very impressive quarter to the team.
My question is on pricing, Salil we have seen now several quarters of strong demand and it
looks like we are looking at another year, looking at the run rate that we are exiting the calendar
with a pretty strong demand as well and you just discussed supply in the last few comments
that you made. How do you see pricing really trend in the next 12-18 months, is there an
opportunity for this to go up on a like to like basis?
Salil Parekh
Diviya thanks for that question, this is Salil. I think on pricing first we have seen some level of
stability in what we saw in the specific deals that we closed in Q3 versus Q2. On the longer
term, Nilanjan has shared in the past we have put in place a very focused effort on
communicating the value that we are helping create with our clients through the digital
programs. We are also seeing as we have shared wage increases, we have done three in the last
12 months and broadly we are seeing large enterprises for the first time in a very long time are
14seeing inflation in their daily environment and so are more open to having these discussions.
With these factors in mind, we really see some more value that we can bring in through
communicating and demonstrating our digital impact that we are creating through those
programs. And that, while it will not be immediate, over the next several quarters, in my view
will help us to build out more resilience in the margin profile.
Diviya Nagarajan – UBS
You earlier enumerated your skills and capabilities, but if you were to kind of think of any
future investments that you are going to make, in which direction would you direct that
investment through in terms of your skills and capabilities?
Salil Parekh
Today the biggest drive within our clients is really cloud, our Cobalt capabilities are very strong
and we are constantly enhancing it. Whether we look at the public cloud partnerships, we have
also a strong ecosystem of private cloud partnerships, we have a good ecosystem with the SaaS
players, extremely strong cloud native cloud first development. Those would be really the first
areas where we are already leading, but we will continue to grow.
Then you have the areas which focus on cybersecurity, which focus on data and analytics,
which focus on IoT. Those are the areas which are seeing incredible traction with our clients.
We have a strong modernization and automation leveraging Artificial Intelligence and Machine
Learning - we will continue to build that out. Our approach is going to be to drive all of these
through our current margin profile. That is what we will drive through as opposed to any new
place for investments.
Diviya Nagarajan
Fair enough. One last bookkeeping question, your ‘Other’ segment had a big swing this quarter,
is there anything particular that we should be looking at here, any one off or if not, what drove
that.
Nilanjan Roy
15That is coming from India, where we have some seasonality with some of our clients towards
the quarter end and you will see that in the geography sector of India.
Diviya Nagarajan – UBS
Got it, thank you and wish you all the best for 2022.
Margaret - 