
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go
ahead.
Kumar Rakesh
Good evening, everyone and thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on great set of
numbers. My first question Salil was, going into this calendar year, one of the largest peers has
indicated a strong growth to continue through this year. So, looking at our portfolio of
10capabilities and offerings, do you see that we are well aligned to meet or beat their growth
numbers or do you see that we need some intervention to build up our own capability to
continue this strong growth going ahead?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for that question. I think in terms of our key capabilities set we have a strong portfolio
across digital and cloud. Our Cobalt set of capabilities is resonating extremely well with our
clients. We see the growth of digital being a reflection of the focus we have had on making
these choices over the past four years and positioning the portfolio to where the clients are
looking for work. We also see the cloud capability faster growing than our digital capability.
So yes, we are well positioned to benefit from this. In addition to that, we have a strong set of
capabilities in automation, in modernization. We have even seen our core services which is
now stable this quarter in terms of growth, it is not shrinking. Our view is that our set of
capabilities and portfolio is reflecting what our client expectation/demands are and we have the
ability to meet all those from the capability perspective. We also have the capacity to expand
and recruit at the college level and our ongoing recruiting ability to attract talent, which is
helping us to deliver all our projects on a regular basis. So, we feel quite good on how we are
positioned as we go ahead into the next year as well.
Kumar Rakesh
Thanks for that Salil. My next question is around margin guidance which we have around 22%
to 24%. Currently we are trending to the upper end so how should we see that? Is it that you
want to keep flexibility with yourself in anticipation of any large deals or any cost headwind
potentially coming from that or is there an indication that you are looking at some major cost
headwind which are going to come in, in the coming quarter and hence you are maintaining
this margin guidance band?
Nilanjan Roy
The margin guidance for us is really a comfort range within which we operate so we really do
not fine tune that as the year progresses. So, this is a band which we are happy to be in. It was
21% to 23% just before COVID. Now we are 22% to 24%. So that is more like a way for us
11rather than anything else. And looking ahead, we continue to focus on our cost headwinds
potentially in terms of employees, etc., it could be travel into the next year, but like I said we
have a very robust cost optimization and of course other levers, which we continue to deploy,
so we are quite confident on this.
Kumar Rakesh
So more of a reflection of flexibility that you want to keep for yourself?
Nilanjan Roy
Correct.
Kumar Rakesh
Thanks a lot for those answers. I will fall back.
