:
The next question is from the line of Adarsh Parasrampuria from CLSA. Please go ahead.
A Parasrampuria:
Couple of questions. First is we are firmly like a benign credit cost cycle including what
you see with your results in the last six months. Do you think that you are in a structurally
lower credit cost mix of book and hence over a medium term does the price reflect that in
margins and credit costs are just lower because we are clearly undershooting what we
have ever mentioned as a guidance on provisions?
Rakesh Jha:
Adarsh, I think we'll have to see that over a slightly longer period. Clearly, our focus has
been on what we call as return of capital in all our lending and that should result in lower
credit costs for us through cycle. But, it is just too early to kind of talk about that. And, of
course, in the last couple of quarters like you mentioned, we have also had the benefit of
significant deletions, upgrades from NPAs coming because of the larger additions that we
have had in the earlier periods because of the C0vid-19. But overall portfolio, definitely, if
you look at the rating profile on the corporate SME side which we disclose every quarter,
you look at the retail portfolio how the NPA additions there have been moving, it does give
us a good amount of confidence but we don't want to kind of right now talk about how low
or high these numbers could be. Our approach would always be to see how we can have
it at an optimal level from a growth perspective.
A Parasrampuria:
Anup, you did mention. When we look at how much the retail products have penetrated
within our customer base, it's still not optimum and there's a lot of leeway. Any sense and
direction you can give us to how you look at it in next three to five years where we want
to get, either some numbers or any sense of quantum or direction?
Anup Bagchi:
Two things we have certainly strengthened over a period of time. I think over a period of
time, last three, four, five years there is more and more and more digital footprint that the
Page 25 of 26customers have kept with us, because of our very strong digital property. So that helps us
also in understanding them better and also figuring out from various other public sources,
CIBIL and other places and of course auto debit on deposit, where are they banking with
and then we have to give them a very strong reason why they should shift to our Bank and
Bank with us in a more holistic manner. The onus is certainly on us. That is one. So there
itself saturation, it's okay, but we can certainly make it better. The second place is at the
micro market level itself, we have a reasonable sense of what is the profit pool in a micro
market given the kind of business that is happening, given the kind of economic activities
that underpins the micro market and generally a reasonable idea, I'll not say it is exact, but
a reasonable idea of what is our percentage share of that profit pool that is there, there we
use. So in both cases we use very, very extreme and very good quality focus on outcome,
focus on data analytics. So we have got a good share there and there we see that there
are many micro markers, we are quite underpenetrated. And so it is our endeavor to put
the processes, put the proposition, reach out to the customer and try and crunch the
timeline from the opportunity to conversion. That is really the big job every day full teams
are focused on. So these are the two clear opportunities; one, customers who are with us;
second, customers who are not with us, but in the micro markets.
