:
The next question is from the line of Sameer Bhise from JM Financial. Please go ahead.
Sameer Bhise:
Just wanted to get a sense on the AFS portfolio. Can you share the duration here because
we still have a small trading profit this quarter?
Rakesh Jha:
We don't share the duration separately, but again our approach has never been to take
high duration into the AFS portfolio even if we have some strong view on interest rates
going down. That view would be taken in the HTM book per se. The AFS and trading book
is very actively managed and traded by the trading group. If you look at the current quarter
on treasury, I don't think on fixed income side, we would have made money or any other
bank would have, given how the yields have moved. For us it would reflect more in FX
and other revenues.
Sameer Bhise:
Secondly, I think this one is for Anup. Are you seeing pickup in the spend levels on the
credit card or a large part is driven by new acquisition spends, how are you seeing like the
fee item on the credit card side, how should one read this on a sequential basis?
Page 21 of 26Anup Bagchi:
So we certainly see that the spends are slowly increasing. As you know, in credit card, it
is you get a customer, then they activate, and then they start spending and then they start
revolving and there are many facets of this life cycle and you have a fee somewhere and
you have interest rate somewhere and all of it. So, we are certainly seeing consumption
coming up as Covid-19 normalises and it has normalised quite a bit, almost fully. So we
are seeing now spends coming up and revolve also slowly, slowly moving up and that will
make all other downstream things which is revolve and fees and all of it should start to
look healthier.
Sameer Bhise:
Any comment on spend behavior of customers who are probably acquired through last
year or have been with you for years?
Anup Bagchi:
Spend behavior is improving and because many of you are interested in Amazon Card, so
I'm happy to share that actually the non-Amazon spends on Amazon card has been quite
healthily growing. So that is a very happy thing for us and that was the desired outcome
as well from us and we are seeing is that across categories now spends are increasing and
it is evident through other part of ours as our MD also shared with you on the Ultra High
Frequency index also. If you look at the components of the index, you will see economic
activity everywhere. And finally, this economic activity only reflects in the card spends and
on the commercial spends. So, so far so good. Let's see.
