:
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of
Mahrukh Adajania from Edelweiss. Please go ahead.
Mahrukh Adajania:
My first question is really on the margin outlook. I know you don't give any specific
guidance, but given intense pricing competition in some segments, unsecured salaried
and then even mortgages, do you think repo rate hikes will benefit margin?
Rakesh Jha:
Mahrukh, on net interest margin, it is difficult to give an outlook. I think in addition to the
competitive pricing that you talked about, like you rightly said, it will also be a function of
the repo rate movement through the year and the timing of it. So, we do have a reasonable
part of our book which is linked to external benchmarks now, like most other banks as
well. So like we always say our target would be to try and see how we can maintain our
margins, but it will be a function of what is happening in the market. If you look at the
current quarter Q4, our margin was about 4%. If you look at it in the past years also, Q4
traditionally for us has seen margins to be about eight to ten basis points higher just
because of the fact that the quarter has lesser number of days, so the annualised
computation gives a slightly higher margin. On the core basis, I would say, between Q3
and Q4, the margin was kind of flat and you also saw the fact that the cost of deposits were
kind of now bottomed out at 3.47%, 3.48%. So, we will have to kind of navigate through
this period before the repo rate starts to increase. And then thereafter definitely the
existing book yields will go up, but the incremental lending rates will still be a function of
how much liquidity surplus continues in the system.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Just in terms of mortgages, your mortgage book has been growing very well, but if you
see the sectoral deployment, sectoral loan growth is just 8%, when everyone is talking
about a very good real estate cycle and very good registration. So what kind of explains
that?
Page 13 of 26Rakesh Jha:
If you look at the last actually several quarters, our growth has been at similar levels of
around 20%. I think the focus that we have had on the entire retail business, in terms of
customer 360 where we are looking at the entire set of products and services to be
provided, has really helped us in growing both the asset book that you are seeing as well
as the strong growth on the liabilities that we have seen. Of course, in the mortgage market
also, the lending rates have declined. There has been a fair degree of balance transfers
also that has been happening. So those are the reasons that we have seen. I will ask, Anup
to add if there is anything.
Anup Bagchi:
No, I think, Rakesh, you have broadly covered it. Our focus on micro markets and our focus
on just making sure that we have decongested many of our processes and make it easier
for customer onboarding and added to that our micro market and go-to-market focus is
increasing our share, and that actually is leading to this kind of growth.
Mahrukh Adajania:
My last question is that, RBI has come up with master directions on credit and debit card.
Would your Amazon Pay ICICI Bank card be fully compliant with those master directions?
Anup Bagchi:
I think I am glad you asked this question, because I am sure subsequently many would
have asked this question because it's a very recent development. As far as we are
concerned, we have read through the guidelines. We are looking at it more finely, but at
the first reading, we will be quite unimpacted by these guidelines. These guidelines seem
to be on co-brand, but there are various aspects of co-brand, particularly data sharing and
revenue sharing and all of it. So we will be unaffected largely by this circular. But, we are
also going through it with toothcomb if there are any issues, but prima facie, it doesn't
seem to have any impact. Of course, there is another bucket of customers on activation
after one year and if somebody requests for deactivation within seven days, we have to
deactivate. I think those are very-very good customer service measures that are coming.
Page 14 of 26So I would put it into two buckets - co-brand and customer service-related issues. We
seem to be good on both so far.
