:
The next question is from the line of Anand Dama from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.
Anand Dama:
My first question is that we have been focusing a lot on the core profitability growth. This
quarter we have clocked somewhere about 19%-odd core profitability growth. Now,
moving into FY'23 where margin expansion will be a challenge, so what could be the levers
of core profitability growth that you can talk about that will be great?
Page 22 of 26Rakesh Jha:
From operating profit perspective, I think the margins that you talked about, that is of
course a prime driver. In addition to that, in terms of the fee income, the business sourcing
cost and the other expenses, we look at all the levers and we have to manage all those
levers optimally to get the desired outcome on the core operating profit. You are right,
that this year we have seen increase in our margin by close to 25 to 30 basis points on a
y-o-y basis which has definitely helped us in the strong core operating profit growth. And
as I said, we will have to navigate through this coming here especially with the interest
rate scenario also changing and we will do the best that we can do in terms of optimising
on all these levers and continuing to focus on doing granular good quality business as we
do this.
Anand Dama:
So, do you think that the fee income actually can improve from here on and what could
be the levers for improvement in the fee?
Rakesh Jha:
So the way we look at is not fee income say in aggregate, so as Anup also earlier
mentioned, I think it's all about the focus on the micro markets and customers. We don't
target an overall fee income growth or something like that. What we are focused is to look
at the customer level, the ecosystem level, the micro market, what we can do and if
margins are higher, lower fees is fine, or if margins are low, we would need to look at more
fees. So it is something which optimally each of the business teams looks at on what needs
to be done from the point of view of what works the best and the most fair for both the
customer and the Bank. So in aggregate, it is not something that we are focused on and
there can always be ups and downs in some of these metrics going forward as well.
Anand Dama:
Sir, next year and maybe over next two to three years, there is a peer Bank which is going
to look at deposit mobilisation to the extent of about 5 trillion or so. Deposit mobilisation
is an area where there is going to be a lot of competition. So how do you see basically in
terms of your branch expansion, customer acquisition and deposit rates going forward?
Page 23 of 26Rakesh Jha:
At any point of time, it is a competitive market on deposits, on lending and we don't see
that changing over the next two or three years. So I think there is a certain approach that
we have in terms of our liability franchise and the growth that we look at and then how we
deploy those funds. So I think we will continue with our approach. Again, in terms of
number of branches and all of those things, they are decided by the respective businesses
in terms of what they are seeing on the ground in their respective micro market and if they
believe addition of branches, addition of people, will help them grow their deposits and
more importantly the core operating profit, then they're absolutely happy to go ahead and
invest. That is how we look at it. And if there is more competition, I guess we will have to
just live with that and see what best we can do.
Anand Dama:
Could you see an acceleration in the branch expansion finally because of the competitor
going crazy?
Rakesh Jha:
That may not be the only factor. As long as we are seeing opportunity in the micro market
for us to grow, we will be happy to add branches, and, of course, the type of branches
have also evolved a lot, so, there are various format branches. So branch is not the only
thing, it's an important thing, we will definitely look at adding branches, but it's not just as
a reaction to any competitor that we look at it.
Anand Dama:
At any point of time, RBI has asked our housing business to be merged with the Bank
though it is very small in the overall scheme of things, but -
Rakesh Jha:
No, not really.
Page 24 of 26