: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pramod Amthe from Incred Capital. Please go
ahead.
Pramod Amthe: A couple of questions on this digital initiative which you have taken. Is there a fair way to assess
the conversion rates in this digital? Do they vary drastically between Arena and Nexa? And how
do the incremental financing option which you are giving on the digital, you expect that to
improve the conversion rates?
Shashank Srivastava: So conversion ratio and digital is different. Overall, of course, the conversion ratio varies
between 12% to 13%. For digital, it is lower. However, the digital inquiries as a percentage of
the total inquiry portfolio that we have has increased substantially from just about 3% in 2016
to 15%, 16% last year, and this time it's almost close to 35%. So while the conversion ratio for
digital inquiries is less, however, we do find that the number of inquiries, the percentage coming
from digital platforms has almost tripled. So that in a sense gives you an idea of how the digital
inquiries and the consumers are inquiring more and more, researching more and more through
digital platforms. That's the one which we are trying to catch with our process chain.
As regards the e-financing which you referred to, we just started it. Actually we began it with
Nexa as a test case in a few cities with a few dealers in our cities. And we are now just a few
weeks back started on the arena as well. And we will be adding more banks in that e-platform,
and therefore with this short period of time it's done very well. I would say, the level of
conversion is slightly better. However, we need to see over a period of time how it performs
when we expand it to the other cities, as well as completely the entire Nexa and the Arena
channels.
Pramod Amthe: Sure, thanks. And the second one is with regards to your product launches. Do you see
structurally the way the digital you can use, do you think the launch expenses and hence your
capability to launch, I would say, wider product range would be possible now? Was this what
you might have thought three years back, any thoughts on the same?
Ajay Seth: Yes, certainly. So, actually digital allows, as you said rightly, lower expense, maybe for the same
amount of reach or frequency. Of course, it has its own drawbacks as well as the positives, which
you mentioned. But you are right, we can actually reduce the expenses of the launches through
the determining factor. The last launch which we had was the S-Cross BS-VI 1.5 liter petrol in
August, which was done entirely in the digital platform. And there we got extremely good
response. And also the fact, not only was it less expensive, but also we could manage a lot of
personalization and the messages to the consumers. And that's I think is the great positive of
digital.
