: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from JP Morgan. Please go
ahead.
Gunjan Prithyani: Two questions from my side. Firstly, we hear a lot about the shortage of steel, semiconductor,
not just in India, even from the global OEMs. If you can just talk about is there any challenge,
we can face and anticipate in the next three, six months due to these shortages?
Shashank Srivastava: There is a clear and distinct risk, but so far we have not been affected. And we are monitoring
the situation month to month, week to week. But in case there is any fear of disruption, we will
inform. So far we are not affected, but we are monitoring, for example, the next month, the next
two months, the next few weeks. So far we are doing fine. And we hope that we should be able
to run our line without any problem. But it's a distinct risk. Many other auto manufacturers have
been affected.
Gunjan Prithyani: Yes. Okay. The second question was on the demand side, I mean, you did point out the risk of
the macro and all, but can you just share more colour on what are we seeing in terms of retail
demand over the last post festive, post year-end sale? And what kind of order backlog wait
periods are there, if you can give some sense, is there any order backlog that we are carrying,
because there are there are situations of stock outs in the market. So, if you can talk about that.
6 | Page
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 28th January 2021Shashank Srivastava: Yes, the post festive demand has actually been better than expected. After a very high festival
demand, we were thinking that there would be a sharp fall, but there has not been a fall. And in
fact, at the moment, we have a pending backorder for about 215,000 vehicles. So I think going
forward, we would have a situation where the demand is chasing the supply, because supply, at
the moment our stock levels are quite low. In fact, we started January with a very low stock,
both in the factory as well as in the network.
Gunjan Prithyani: Sir, can you quantify the inventory levels?
Shashank Srivastava: I will do that. The factory stock at the beginning of January was around 21,000 vehicles in the
network. And the factory stock was about 700 vehicles.
Gunjan Prithyani: Did you mention about the channel stock, maybe I missed it.
Shashank Srivastava: That’s what I call the network stock, the channels stock was around 21,000 units.
Gunjan Prithyani: Okay. Just last question from my side, if I can squeeze in. These price increases that you spoke
about, I mean, I understand we can't calculate what is the impact for this quarter four on the
commodity, but the price hikes that we have taken in January, does that give us comfort that the
inflation that we saw in Q3 has been largely offset? Or even there isn't cost absorption flowing
through from past quarters well?
Ajay Seth: As we said that the inflation on account of commodities is pretty steep and we talked about
number of 3%. So, we are taking a collaborative call-in terms of how much price increase we
can do and how much of it should be absorbed by other means. So we are working on other
measures. Whether we will be able to fully contain it is a difficult question to answer at this
point in time. But we are internally definitely working on not only this price increase measure
but also the other measures that we can take to ensure that the impact is minimized.
