: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal Financial
Services. Please go ahead.
Jinesh Gandhi: First of all, can you share some numbers on discounts, export revenues and Gujarat production?
Ajay Seth: Discounts for this quarter were at Rs. 20,185 per vehicle and export sales Rs. 13,118 crores.
Jinesh Gandhi: And Gujarat production?
Rahul Bharti: We are at an annualized level of about 5 lakhs, we are at peak capacity.
Jinesh Gandhi: Okay. Secondly, if I look at the demand environment, it continues to be fairly robust. And we
have waiting list for almost a month and a half or so, if not more. It suggests that the demand
environment conducive to take price increases, any reason why we are not taking reasonable
price increases to offset cost inflation or you see any fragility in demand even now?
7 | Page
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 28th January 2021Shashank Srivastava: Yes. In fact, that’s a question which finance people often ask us. But we have to walk the fine
line between the demand as well as the financials. So I think we were coming off from a very
bad Q1 and we still are not very sure about the COVID sentiment part. Because as you know,
while the overall auto industry has seen a month-on-month improvement in the last five, six
months, in fact, Q3 has been pretty good as you just saw the numbers. But remember, if you
compare it with the two years back, then we are still way off. And in fact, probably if you see
April, December figures against the year before last year, we are still about 33% off. So I think
while there is obviously a sense of relief, and even I would say a little bit of elation for the last
three, four months. The way month-on-month has progressed, that we need to be careful and not
overdo one thing suppose we hiked up the price too much, then we may be compromising on the
demand.
On the sentiment side also we are still not sure on the COVID part, it depends on how the COVID
pans out. Looks like better sentiment at the moment, but we can't be really sure. And is the reason
why we have not been able to increase the price more than what we have done so far. Thank
you.
Jinesh Gandhi: Okay. And sir, in staff cost we have seen a sharp increase on Q-o-Q basis, is that entirely linked
to production or are there any one-offs?
Ajay Seth: The increase is firstly, on account of the fact that in the first half we mentioned that we had not
factored any increments and we only have increments in the second half to employees. So, that
was one reason. And second is that there is also a one-off in the sense that we had to make some
provision for the retiral benefits, because interest rates had come down so they will now have to
be accounted for. So about Rs. 20 crores kind of thing is one-time where we had to make
additional provision for the retirals.
