: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is
from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Kumar Rakesh: My first question was for Ajay. So you had earlier talked about how volume is one of the key
drivers for our margin performance. Sequentially, our volume increased by more than 26%, but
our operating profit has largely remained flattish. Can you please help us understand with the
margin walk what happened during the quarter? And what within that can reverse in the coming
quarters?
Ajay Seth: Yes. So, as I mentioned in the opening remarks that one of the deterrent to us this time was
significant increase in the commodity prices and the uptick doesn't seem to stop, I think some
impact of that will be seen in the fourth quarter as well. And we are now working to see what
the impact of overall commodity piece is. This quarter saw an impact of almost 300 basis points
y-o-y on overall commodity increase, and there was no pricing action that was taken by us in the
third quarter. So that was largely the reason for the flattish margin.
4 | Page
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 28th January 2021Kumar Rakesh: Got it. Just to follow-up on that, so based on the current spot price, how much of incremental
commodity cost is yet to impact our P&L, considering the price increase which we have already
taken in this month?
Ajay Seth: So as you know that we follow a quarter lag on commodities, so really the impact of quarter two
has come in quarter three, and the quarter three impact will come in quarter four. And
commodities, unfortunately the precious metal continues to see a rise, and especially metals like
palladium, rhodium and platinum, which now the consumption is going up because of BS-IV to
BS-VI shift. So that's one area of concern. And second, of course, is that off late the steel
manufacturers have significantly hiked the input costs, so that's going to be the other factor. So
we are at the moment trying to compute in terms of what the impact would be in the fourth
quarter and thereafter. But it's very difficult to say at this point in time, but there will be definitely
an impact of commodity in the fourth quarter.
Kumar Rakesh: Got it. My second question was, what would be our strategy to manage these cost inflations, the
cost efficiencies as well as price increase? So how essentially we are going to look at the balance
between the margin performance and the price increases?
Ajay Seth: So, I think we will have to keep a balance between the market and the pricing action. We will
have to see how the demand is. And while on one hand we are reducing the new sales promotion
over what we had in the previous year, so that's helping us. But we have also taken surprising
action where we have moved our prices in quarter four, I think it will be effective end of January.
So there will be some impact to that we will see in quarter four. However, we will have to
continue to gauge in terms of how the commodity cost moves up. And therefore, what are the
actions that are required internally in terms of cost optimization further. So we have also looked
at our supply chain very closely and looked at what are the other methods by which we can offset
the commodity cost by various other initiatives that we can take up. So that work is on at this
point in time.
