: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pramod Kumar from Goldman Sachs. Please
go ahead.
Pramod Kumar: To begin with, two housekeeping questions. What is the blended price hike what you have taken
in January? And also, what is the royalty rate for the third and the second quarter, sir?
Ajay Seth: Royalty rate this quarter was at 4.9% and in the second quarter it was 5%, so a shade lower than
the second quarter. The other question that you asked about blended price hike. Blended price
hike, we don't have a immediate answer on that, but it will depend on various models and various
variants, etc., based on that. I think the price increase that we have indicated in the market is at
the ex-showroom level of up to 34,000, including the taxes. So you have to remove the taxes to
see the basic impact. But 34,000 is the upper end, but I think it's starts with .Rs. 6,000 to about
Rs. 34,000. Model to model it differs. So model wise it will differ, but to give you an exact
percentage in terms of what will be the impact, we will come back to you. We don't have that
data immediately with us.
Pramod Kumar: No issues. And a follow-up question to both the royalty and the pricing increase, first one is to
Shashank sir. Given that financing penetration would be on the rise given the increase in cost
post BS-IV to BS-VI and all of that, and because of COVID as well. So how is the customer
reaction to the recent price hikes, have you seen some sort of hold up on conversion or anything
like that? The reason I am asking is that, if the equity contribution from the customer remains
more or less the same and the incremental price increases can be financed by EMIs which will
not pinch them, given the current interest cost, is there a thought that probably the industry can
afford to take more price hikes in this cycle as compared to historical cycles when rates were
high, and the financing dependence was actually not that much. So how is the company looking
at the data and thinking about this, sir?
Shashank Srivastava: So if you look at the data on the financing and retail side, the percentage hasn't really changed
much, it's remained at that 80% or thereabouts, across the different months so far post pandemic.
Even before the pandemic, it was roughly the same. As regards the other thing of whether the
conversion itself has come down. As you know, we have a 215,000 bookings which are pending,
and we haven't seen that conversion falling down at the moment. In fact, fresh booking flow has
also been quite positive. So as you rightly pointed out, probably the effects would be seen a little
later, maybe, but we have to wait and see, because it's just been a few days actually, we increased
the price I think from the 18th of January. So it's been a very few days that we have seen. And
in any case, we have a lot of pending bookings where consumers are waiting to get delivery for
their vehicle.
10 | Page
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 28th January 2021Pramod Kumar: And Shashank sir, the reason I am asking this is, if you look at a category like two-wheeler, and
most, if not all, most of your customers who buy a car are invariably already having a one or
two or multiple two-wheelers in the household. And two-wheeler prices have gone through the
roof in the last one year or so, the increase is well enhanced double-digit kind of a number, right?
And car prices haven't actually increased that much in the last one year, at least, because of BS-
IV to BS-VI. So in such high inflationary environments across categories, be it two-wheeler but
every category is seeing massive price hikes. So can't that be the opportunity for the car industry
to kind of at least pass through the cost burden to the consumer? And given the fact that 80%
customers opt for financing, the incremental cost burden for them in terms of EMI may not be
that kind of a deal breaker as such. Because a lot of pricing in the industry will depend on how
you behave as a market leader. So I am just thinking, and if we look at other categories prices
have really gone through the roof, premium category demand has not got affected in motorcycle,
for example. So is there a thinking that whether we should probably look at from fresh
perspective and probably at least pass on the cost? Which is kind of going to probably sustain
for longer, because that's the feedback generally from the global commodity experts, that this
may not go away in a hurry, the kind of prices what you are seeing on the commodity side.
Shashank Srivastava: Yes, so you are right. And from a financial point of view, clearly what you are saying is correct
and logical. But if you look at the other side of the demand perspective, then I did mention that
we still have a long way to go and if we compare with demand for the two years previous to the
current one, we are still about 33% off from those highs. So I think we still have to maintain that
fine balance of top-line and bottom-line. So I think the price hike if we were to pass on the entire
cost of the increase in terms of material costs and other costs, I am sure you would see the
demand evaporating quite a bit. And that is the why, of course, it's just an estimate. We keep
making that assessment and try to maximize looking at both the top-line and the bottom-line.
Pramod Kumar: Sir, last one is on royalty. We have moved to this dynamic royalty regime some time back. So
just want to understand, given the surge in volumes what you are seeing and royalty, a lot of
these milestones are linked to the model performance and the model volume. So by when do you
expect the benefits of such massive hike in volumes kind of accruing in terms of royalty?
Because that is one cost reduction which could probably accrue to the company. And especially
when prices are going up, Suzuki gets the benefit of a higher royalty payout without much kind
of incremental work. So can that be a bit of a cost cushion for us incrementally? If you can just
throw some light on by when do you expect royalty rates to start easing up a bit?
Ajay Seth: As we had said earlier that royalty there are two entities now that all the new models will move
to the rupee formula, and quite a few of them have already moved to the rupee formula. But by
the year 2023, 2024, virtually 95%, 96% of the models would have moved to the rupee formula.
So that's one leg. Second leg of course is, if the volumes pick up then there is the second element
of beyond certain volumes there is a discount that kicks in, so that will also kick in. So definitely,
as we go along, there will be no uncertainty with respect to any exchange variation on account
of royalty, that will go away and there will be a fixed amount that we know we will pay. And
second, of course, is the volume discount. So both will help. And it will depend on what is the
volume growth and how many models go in the discount category. But one thing we are very
11 | Page
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 28th January 2021sure that 96%, 97% models will move to the rupee category, that itself will help and the volume
discount will further help.
