:
We have a next question from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal. Please go
ahead.
Nitin Aggarwal:
So one question is, like, on the trend and recoveries and upgrades. What is really driving
this, and what have we changed in our underwriting approach to enable like, negligible
credit cost on a successive basis, while the entire system is reporting a very benign credit
cost but numbers for ICICI is almost zero to negligible credit costs is way better than
everybody else?
Anindya Banerjee:
This year, one aspect that we have benefited from is pretty strong recoveries on the
corporate side. We were able to complete the resolution of some of the older corporate
NPAs. And that's why we split out the corporate and retail additions and deletions for
you, and those deletions on the corporate side would also reflect into some level of write-
backs. On the retail side, I think our experience with the portfolio has been pretty good
Page 14 of 18both in terms of the performance in terms of overdues and bounces and so on, and at the
same time, also, in terms of the collections of delinquent accounts. Again, because we
have accelerated our provisioning on these portfolios significantly, they become
delinquent, we provide and then as the collection efforts continue, the customers become
regularized again. So, when we have a granular portfolio, a lot of delinquency and
recovery can happen in a much quicker manner than in a larger, chunkier corporate
portfolio, where it can take several years to resolve an account.
Nitin Aggarwal:
Secondly, while you talked about the growth opportunities in the retail business, but how
do you see the growth prospects in the corporate banking going into FY2024 and
FY2025?
Anindya Banerjee:
Very difficult to predict. I think this year, of course, as you would have seen our wholesale
banking growth has been higher than in the previous years. I think for the system also,
there has been a recovery in corporate credit growth, I guess, post the turn in the
monetary environment and some shift from bond markets to banks. We are seeing
certainly opportunities for lending in some of the sectors like NBFCs, real estate, which
has become a significantly stronger sector in the last three, four years. So there are those
opportunities. The public sector companies continue to invest as well. So these are some
of the opportunities which are there. And we really look at sort of for each corporate
client, what is the overall ecosystem opportunity, and lending is a part of that.
Nitin Aggarwal:
If you can just share some color on the treasury losses this quarter, very small digit also
40 odd crores?
Anindya Banerjee:
Actually, we don't really look at booking large treasury gains in our core SLR and other
portfolios. We had on other portfolios some profit, but we had a mark-to-market on our
security receipts portfolio, which are the security receipts with underlying assets that we
would have sold to the asset construction companies over the years, there was a small
negative on that account, which gets reflected in the treasury line item.
