:
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first question from the
line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. Please go ahead.
Mahrukh Adajania:
My first question is on outlook for margins. So obviously, the margin achievement for
FY2023 has been phenomenal. But, would you have a threshold below which you think
margins won't fall, because obviously margins are peakish for the sector, so could you
give us a band in which you would like to hold margins even if they are not sustainable
at these levels?
Anindya Banerjee:
I don't think that we can really give a band. Our efforts, first of all, would be to continue
to grow our liability franchise in a healthy way across optimizing quantum and cost,
because that is really the starting point and then price our lending in an appropriate
fashion, while, of course, looking at the entire ecosystem and customer level profitability,
and also manage interest rate risk and earnings which is on the balance sheet as best
we can, while having to work with the fact that the requirement of pricing, a large part
of the lending to external benchmarks, that creates this cyclicality and then we will see
where we emerge out of it. Our endeavour, of course, would be to protect our operating
profitability as far as we can.
Mahrukh Adajania:
I have another two questions. Firstly on opex. So, would you have any branch addition
plan or target for next year? How many branches do you plan to add?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, if you see this year, the pace of branch addition has picked up significantly. We have
added 480 branches in the year and out of that 180 has come in the fourth quarter. So, I
think, that's kind of a starting run rate and we should see significantly higher branch
additions next year than what we have seen this year.
Mahrukh Adajania:
My last question is on the insurance subsidiaries. So after RBI’s approval to HDFC
yesterday, would you review your plans for your stakes in your insurance subsidiary? I
mean, how do you view your stakes now after what happened yesterday?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think as you may have seen, we have received an extension of the timeline required for
compliance with the BR Act to September 2024. So we have sufficient time to think
through and take the appropriate course of action. So that's what we will do.
Page 9 of 18Mahrukh Adajania:
Okay, but there is no firm thought already that you would not now want to increase
taking subsidiaries or any such thing, right, it's open for review and discussion?
Anindya Banerjee:
I'll just repeat that, we have a year and a half to comply with the requirements of the Act,
which require us to either be above 50 or below 30. So we’ll see over this period of time
what to do.
