:
We have a next question from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Kunal Shah:
So firstly on the operating profit. Given that NIM trajectory could slow down, there could
be some moderation in the overall industry-wide credit growth. And since we are
investing into the franchise as well. So maybe in terms of what we have been highlighting
with respect to 20% operating profit growth all through over the past several years,
maybe what are the levers available just to ensure that the operating profit growth
sustains in that range or there should be definitely a moderation which we should see
over the next couple of quarters?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think what we have seen on the operating profit growth has really been an outcome of
the business that we have done, underwriting that we have done, our liability profile and
our approach to overall profitability. I think when we really adopted operating profit as
the main operative metric for us, we were making significant provision on our historic
NPL book. And now, if we look at it, that is largely addressed. And given the kind of
provisioning policies that we have now, where there is very little lag between an asset
turning delinquent or over 90 days and getting provided for, the operating profit less
provisions is a pretty accurate reflector of the earnings of the business or the growth and
quality of the business. So that's one thing to keep in mind. Of course, as you know and
as we discussed in the past, the kind of margin expansion that we have seen this year,
will not be there next year and there will be some pressure on margins. But that, will
hopefully get addressed along with growth.
Page 13 of 18Kunal Shah:
Any levers with respect to either the fee income or maybe some other line items which
can provide incremental delta?
Anindya Banerjee:
I don't think we're looking at it on a line item of the income. We see a lot of opportunity
in the market and that is what we would try to capitalize on and look at the overall kind
of earnings performance of the business including credit costs.
Kunal Shah:
In terms of the overall term deposit growth, if you can throw some colour in terms of how
much has been from the retail side and how much was wholesale because there was a
strong growth which was there in this quarter?
Anindya Banerjee:
We've focused mainly on the retail and more granular deposit growth. We have not really
been large takers of high value deposits.
Kunal Shah:
So larger part of the growth is retail?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes.
