:
The next question is from the line of Nilanjan Karfa from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Nilanjan Karfa:
Hi Rakesh, I'll go back to the question of Mahesh, but let me frame it a little differently.
Obviously, the credit cost is going down quite sharply. Given the construct of the loan
book, everybody seems to believe that as the repo rate kicks in, we will get a benefit. Cost
ratios are broadly going to be okay. Reality is that banking is a cyclical basis. The problems
that I potentially see, and I'm probably feeding this answer, is a very lopsided kind of
growth in the overall loans of the system. In my opinion, it looks to me that banks are
enjoying a very good pricing power, at least at this point of time. Would you therefore
want to believe or give us a sense that it is probably the margins, which will have a fair
amount of pressure going forward? That could also be from your perspective, because if
growth remains like this, banks would typically prefer to get into a volume-driven growth
than a unit economics of the growth.
Page 26 of 28Rakesh Jha:
Nilanjan, overall clearly there will be pressure on lending yields and lending spreads. We
have seen that, especially now with the deposit costs kind of bottoming out across the
banking system, but still there is surplus liquidity in the system. So, definitely in the near
term that is going to be the scenario. One has to kind of manage through that period.
Anup Bagchi:
Also, I'll just add that at this point of time, I think pricing pressure is there and the yields
are low because 10-year G-sec is at 6.50% and mortgages are at 6.70%, I don't remember
in the last many years, where the delta between the mortgage pricing and 10-year was so
low. Of course, this is resettable and this is one year and all of it, but finally it is a long-
term floating rate loan. And if you look at the rate at which good SME customers are getting
loans, that spread over government securities is also quite competitive.
Nilanjan Karfa:
By any chance, would you want to consider that, not just ICICI Bank, but in general, given
the spread gaps that you're talking about, we are taking risks which might materialize in
the longer term?
Anup Bagchi:
From the Bank’s perspective, I think we will be very careful on risk-calibrated growth. It is
very difficult to comment on other people. From our perspective, we will be very, very
careful about risk-calibrated growth.
Nilanjan Karfa:
I'll do it offline. Just one additional question on the ECLGS portfolio, any clarity on the
total stock of loans at this point? How has the total stock of loans behaved? How much it
has come down? How much of that has slipped in the December quarter?
Rakesh Jha:
In terms of numbers, it could be pretty similar to what it was in the September quarter. In
terms of the portfolio, I think we said it last time, our approach was one where we wanted
to use the facility with the businesses where the model was not broken and we had
Page 27 of 28visibility in terms of repayments from those businesses. Of course, companies that have
taken ECLGS would have had some amount of stress. So, overall if one looks at this
portfolio, maybe the delinquencies or the overdues could be somewhat higher than the
overall book for the Bank. But in our case, we are not overly worried about this portfolio.
There would be somewhat higher numbers that we see there, but nothing more than that.
Nilanjan Karfa:
It was very specific to this quarter. Have you seen any slippages coming through because
I think we are more or less done with one-year moratorium?
Rakesh Jha:
Nothing material I would say.
