:
The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Managers.
Please go ahead.
Prakash Kapadia:
Recently, we have been advertising a lot about our trade services. So, is there a big
opportunity to increase market share based on open architecture model like what we have
done in retail? Will it be forex-related and payments-driven? Any sense you can give about
current market share and the room for growth because we seem to be doing well?
Secondly, on the auto side, we have seen the pre-owned car market has grown 2 times of
OEM sales in the last few years. So, is there an opportunity we are focusing to grow the
loan book? Any tie-ups with Maruti or Mahindra or some of the other manufacturers
Rakesh Jha:
On the trade side, definitely, we see a huge opportunity across our business segments, on
the small business side as well as the larger corporates. We have been leveraging our
digital offerings also to scale up that business. You would have seen that even in our
overseas business, we have seen the increase has come from the trade finance book.
Domestically also, both trade-related short-term book as well as LCs are key contributors
for us and the growth there has been quite good for us and we would assume that would
continue to be a strong driver for the fee income as well which Mahrukh was earlier talking
about and it kind of fits in very well with our overall approach of capturing the entire
customer 360 and the ecosystem. On the pre-owned cars, clearly, that is something where
the yields are better and the overall ROEs are better if the credit costs are contained. But,
definitely there is some bit of higher risk as well. So, we would want an optimal proportion
of pre-owned cars in our car loan business. Nothing specific to highlight there. We are very
happy to grow that business and the proportion for us has been increasing as well. It is an
important component especially from an overall car loan business profitability point of
Page 14 of 28view. This segment actually provides a higher ROE definitely than the new car loan
business.
Prakash Kapadia:
Any sense on that market share if you could give, are we in low teens, or 3%-5% on some
of the corporate initiatives which you mentioned and can it grow in the near future?
Rakesh Jha:
We of course track those market shares based on various data, but we have not disclosed
that per se separately. The market share would, vary anywhere from 5% to up to 15%
across the various initiatives that we are doing.
