:
The next question is from the line of Prakhar Agrawal from Edelweiss. Please go ahead.
Prakhar Agrawal:
Three sets of questions to start and a few follow up to the questions that we have referred
earlier. So, we have been seeing a reasonable growth, at least in SME and business
banking, would you attribute this to the improving underlying in the segment or is it more
to do with the internal changes that the Bank has been undergoing?
Rakesh Jha:
If you look at growth in the business banking segment for us, I think over the last four years
or so, it has been very strong. SME again for at least the last two and a half years, we have
seen that growth. Of course, it has to do with the market opportunity, which is there for us
to grow. Additionally, it also reflects the sharp focus that we have put on these business
segments and the fact that we have been leveraging our branches a lot more in the past
few years. This also has got driven by the kind of streamlining of processes that we have
done in terms of customer acquisition, onboarding, underwriting. So, all those steps which
we have taken kind of enabled us to grow at this pace. The strong underpinning of
technology and digital of course is there because that is something that ensures that we
are able to attract customers. A lot of this business that we are doing is with existing
customers of the Bank also. As we acquire business from branches, there have been
customers who have had current accounts with us, but we have not had a lending
relationship with them. So, all of that is something which is really helping us in this growth.
We are focused in terms of ensuring that we meet our risk and return thresholds. We look
at the granularity and ensure that there is good collateral and exposure is widespread
across sectors. All of this is what has really been driving growth for us.
Page 20 of 28Prakhar Agrawal:
Second bit on fee income. So, while you have highlighted that you have seen growth being
more granular in nature, any pocket of pressure that you probably see on the fee income
side or any pockets, where you probably see some pressure points of being compared. A
couple of banks have been highlighting that.
Rakesh Jha:
There will always be some element of fee income, which will be growing at a slower pace
than overall, plus there are always some regulatory changes which keep on coming. So,
for example, on the lending side, the lending linked fee, will be growing slower for us,
especially on the corporate side, as we focus more and more on ‘A and above’ rated
lending business. The lending related fees there is much lesser. The third party distribution
fees for us that would be growing at somewhat slower pace than the overall fees. So, there
will be various things, but if you look at the previous quarter also, our growth was around
20% or so and this quarter is about 19%.
Prakhar Agrawal:
In terms of your yields, probably we have seen a couple of quarters wherein we have seen
pressure points on yield despite reasonably favourable mix change. What would you
attribute this to and how do you see your margin in maybe two years, three years out, any
sense on that?
Rakesh Jha:
Incrementally clearly, there has been a lot of pressure on the lending spreads. I think, given
the surplus liquidity in the system and overall, loan growth for the system is indeed still
running at around 8% to 9% kind of level. So, that is something which has impacted the
yield and it is there for all the banks that we have seen. In the near term, like we had said
last quarter, our first half NIM was about 3.94% and we had talked about protecting our
NIM at around that level in the near term, and that's what our focus is. There are a lot of
moving parts. I think on the deposit side, the deposit costs have bottomed out for banks.
On the lending side, maybe there is still some further pressure which could be there. The
surplus liquidity in the balance sheet, as that keeps getting deployed, I think that will be a
positive as well. And then of course, how the overall market rates and repo rate move will
Page 21 of 28also impact. Like I said, for us, nearly 38% of our loans are linked to repo rate and 7% to
other external benchmarks as well. These are all the factors that we will have to see. Our
objective will be to kind of see and protect our NIMs at the nine months level where we
are.
