:
The next question is from the line of Mahesh MB from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead.
Mahesh MB:
Just a couple of questions. One, there has been a marked increase in borrowings and we
see it in quite a few banks as well. Any particular reason for this?
Rakesh Jha:
We raised about Rs. 80 billion of infra bonds during the quarter, there is no SLR and CRR
requirement which is applicable and also one gets a benefit on priority sector lending,
because that amount gets reduced from the ANBC while computing the requirement of
priority sector lending. So, that is one element. Plus the other thing, which will always be
there is that, it can always be a balance sheet-end numbers in terms of where you are on
the market borrowings. There are some opportunities at points of time where you can
borrow and deploy. Otherwise, the underlying increase is that Rs. 80 billion of infra bonds
that we have done.
Mahesh MB:
Second question, Rakesh, the recoveries and upgrades in the retail portfolio is still
matching, the slippages. So, we assume that at a net level, the impact on the P&L will be
quite negligible, and there are no large slippages on the corporate side. So, you come to
a point where credit cost comes down quite sharply. We have also seen ROE now touching
15%-odd. Internally, what is the way forward from here? Do you allow the ROE to inch up?
Do you increase the riskiness of the book by going towards a slightly risky segment? Do
you invest more? How are you seeing the next few quarters?
Rakesh Jha:
Mahesh, I think, we will have to look at it slightly more from a medium to long term
perspective. In the near term, of course, we have seen a lot of deletions from NPLs coming
Page 22 of 28in. It also reflects the fact that we did add a fair bit of NPLs last year and in the first quarter
this year. This trend of deletions at some stage will definitely slow down as well. So, as of
now, I think we would kind of stay with our long term estimates for credit cost. In the near
term, yes, it could end up under-shooting that. That is always a possibility, but let us see.
In terms of the point that you are saying on the risk aspect of it, I think that is something,
which we always look at it from risk and return thresholds together. That's why we have
been happy to grow credit card book or personal loan book as well. Aside from the fact
that because of the pandemic the growth has been much lower over the last six quarters
or so in this portfolio. As you are aware, prior to Covid, that book was growing at close to
40% on a year-on-year basis. Unfortunately, the third wave has happened, otherwise,
things were kind of getting back to a much more normal level. As Anup mentioned earlier,
as things normalize, we will see more increase in some of these segments, where the
customers are also happy to take some of these loans, which are more from a discretionary
perspective. We will always evaluate that in terms of the portfolio.
Mahesh MB:
I'm just kind of giving a hypothetical question here. If you have a choice where loan growth
is not coming at the margins at which you want, but credit cost is falling off sharply, would
you go for that loan growth given that the customer segment is less risky?
Rakesh Jha:
Yes, we would. Again, it is nothing to do with the historic book. One has to look at what
your underwriting is on an incremental basis. What we look at is the final contribution to
the core operating profit and the related credit costs. Those are the two things that we look
at. So, especially on the retail side, the net interest income piece, expenses, sourcing cost,
credit cost, all of these are variables, which we are happy to use to optimize the return on
the portfolio. So, that's definitely something that we would look at.
