
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go
ahead.
Ankur Rudra
Thank you for taking my question. First question is what is the level of conservatism or
realism infused into both the revenue and the margin guide this time, part of that is on the
revenue guide we have given the potential macro headwinds ahead of us and the ask rate
from the second half of this year. Similarly, on margins we still have another round of wage
hikes which can impact margins by maybe as much as 100 basis points if I look at the wage
hike impact so far and a similar ratio between the first and the second rounds in the previous
years and also keeping up travel and facility costs? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for the question. This is Salil. Let me start off and then Nilanjan may have a few
points to add. On the guidance for growth, as we have shared in the past, the approach we
take is we see how things are as we look at the financial year today. What we saw is in Q1 we
had extremely strong revenue growth - 5.5% and we also had underlying volume growth
which was very strong. When we see the outlook, where we have clarity looking ahead for
some period of time and then a set of estimates that we have for the rest of the financial year
and also looking at how typically H2 works versus H1 and then putting in some views on
where the end of the year could be. Based on that, we felt comfortable to increase the revenue
growth guidance, whether it is conservative or realistic that is the approach we take to make
sure that we then share what we think the revenue is going to look like from here.
20On the margin I will start off and then Nilanjan will talk a little bit about the wage component
and what we have done. Overall on the margin, we have made sure that we work to get all of
the levers in place. So the approach to driving cost efficiency is in place, several levers that
Nilanjan mentioned, one of the bigger ones we got the bulk impact, the vast majority of our
compensation increase already done in Q1. So yes there is a small component but it is not
really a huge component that will come up and then we see steadily other areas which will
help us. There are areas where we can focus on how the subcontracting works, there are areas
where we can focus on discussions with clients vis-à-vis wage increases and COLA, areas
where we are doing work which is having significant impact for clients.
So we think there are a set of those levers that can help us through the margin discussion that
will be focused on in this financial year. Our approach is to make sure that we remain a high
margin business and that is the underlying thing that we are working with. Given where we
are, given the inflation around the world, we thought it was clear to make sure that we
communicated that in the way we see the markets. Nilanjan, anything else, if you want to
add?
Nilanjan Roy
No. That is good.
Ankur Rudra
Just a quick follow-up if I may on margins. Nilanjan are there any one-offs in the margin this
time, asking another way what would be the pro-forma margins, if the provision reversal was
not to happen and related to that can you say that 20% in Q1 should be the bottom of margins
going forward so that we can get back to 21% for the year realistically?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so I think we have mentioned the margin walk at the beginning of the call. So if we are
at 20% and we are guiding at the bottom end of 21%, so mathematics indicates that we have
to improve going forward. So absolutely, from 20% we will have to see the improvement
quarter-on-quarter.
21Ankur Rudra
Thank you and best of luck.
