
Thank you. The next question is from Jochelle Mendonca from ET Prime. Jochelle joins us
on audio. Jochelle kindly unmute and ask your question.
Jochelle Mendonca
Good evening gentlemen, congratulation on spectacular results. I have two questions. Mr.
Parekh first on demand, you said that the pipeline is better than it has been in the past three
and six months. Could you give me some colour on what will be driving the improved
pipeline are there particular verticals or business units that are showing greater resilience?
And Mr. Roy the second question is on pricing. You said you are having these conversations
with clients in the past when the rupee has depreciated significantly clients have asked for
some of those gains to be paid back to them. How is the rupee depreciation factoring into the
pricing conversation you may be having?
Salil Parekh
Hi Jochelle, thanks for your questions. On the pipeline what we see are really two types of
big programs in the large deal pipeline. One is when clients have embarked or are embarking
on the digital or cloud transformation journey. So there for example there are clients which
are working on their supply chains, there are clients that are working on customer connect,
there are clients that are working on optimizing their financial processes and these are very
strong programs that clients have launched. These give them tremendous impact in their end
market or efficiency in their business so these are critical programs. Then there are cloud
transformation programs where clients are seeing benefits from leveraging our Cobalt
capabilities on a private Cloud set up. They are seeing some benefit with a public Cloud
transformation across their whole infrastructure and these need a lot of work and they are
driving some of the large deals. And then there is a set of deals which are focused on costs
10and making sure that the efficiencies that the clients are looking for are coming through. So
we have strength in automation, we have strength in what we call applied AI/Artificial
Intelligence. These are things that we use to make sure that we can optimize the technology
landscape for our clients and that gives them a cost-benefit. So both of those are things that
we are seeing in the pipeline and given the environment there are drives for growth and there
are drives for costs which are giving us the benefit. There are nuances across the different
segments. We still see some strengths which are visible, for example in our CMT segment,
we see strengths in our manufacturing segment, financial services segment, overall is solid
with some pockets that I mentioned earlier for example in mortgage where we see some areas
of weakness. So the overall picture that we see are both sorts of deals are in the pipeline on
the growth side and the cost side.
Nilanjan Roy
On your question on the rupee depreciation, I think in a normal period, you would be having
these conversations like you said, but these are highly abnormal times. We have seen wage
inflation across the world. The consequent impact on attrition as well and clients are very
well aware of that because they are seeing that in their own domains and their own set of
people. So in that sense we are seeing much less when people asking for discounts etc. They
are aware of that impact, so we are pushing back as much on that and we have seen a much
lesser impact on that. And in fact, more conversation on how we start getting COLA
increases against accounts when the accounts come in for renewals, can we get a price hike
on our digital rate cards etc. So those are kind of conservations are happening. We have not
heard anything more about the rupee and the dollar really.
