
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Infosys Limited’s Earnings Conference Call.
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0”
on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand
the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you, Sir.
Sandeep Mahindroo
Thanks Inba.
Hello everyone and welcome to Infosys Earnings Call to discuss Q1 2023 Financial Results.
This is Sandeep from the Investor Relations team in Bangalore. Joining us today on this call
is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Nilanjan Roy; and other members of the senior
management team. We will commence the call with some remarks on the performance of the
company by Salil and Nilanjan. Subsequent to which, we will open up the call for questions.
Please note that anything that we say that refers to our outlook for the future is a forward-
looking statement that must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. A
full statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which
can be found on www.sec.gov.
I would now like to pass on the call to Salil.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Sandeep. Good morning and good evening to everyone on the call. Thank you all for
taking the time to join us.
We had an excellent start to the financial year with 5.5% sequential growth and 21.4% year-
on-year growth in constant currency terms.
3We continue to gain market share with our Cobalt cloud capabilities and our differentiated
digital value proposition driving a significant pipeline of opportunities for us.
For example a premier online retailer in the U.S. leveraged Infosys Cobalt to embark on a
cloud-driven transformation journey to enhance the customer experience and improve their
security posture.
Another example is European manufacturer who is reimagining their Digital workplace with
best-of-breed network security and IT infrastructure powered by Infosys Cobalt.
There are examples like this all across the spectrum in different sectors and that are driving
Infosys Cobalt into the market.
Clients continue to place an immense amount of trust and confidence in Infosys to help
accelerate their digital transformation agenda, both on efficiency and the growth dimension
of their business. The strong growth we have seen in the quarter lays a robust foundation for
the year.
Growth continues to remain broad-based across the segments, service lines and geographies.
Each of our business segments grew in double-digits with several of them growing at 25% or
higher. In terms of geography the U.S. geography grew at 18.4% and Europe grew at 33.2%.
This indicates a healthy demand environment and is a reflection of how our industry-leading
digital capabilities are relevant for our clients.
Our Digital revenues were 61% of the total and grew at 37.5% in the quarter in constant
currency terms. Within digital, our cloud work continues to grow faster, with our Cobalt
cloud capability seeing significant traction with our clients.
Our overall pipeline remains strong. We do see pockets of weakness, for example in the area
of mortgages in Financial Services. We keep a close watch on the evolving macro
environment in terms of the changes to the pipeline. Within our pipeline, we also have focus
in addition to the growth areas in digital and cloud to the cost areas through automation and
AI.
4Our operating margins were at 20%. We have completed the majority of our compensation
review for this year. Nilanjan, will also provide more details on the overall margin update.
Some other highlights of our results are
- We signed 19 large deals with a TCV of $1.69 bn. This is comprises of 50% net new
work
- Our onsite mix was at 24.3%
- As we build capacity for the future, our utilization was at healthy levels of 84.7%
- Our free cash flow was strong at $656 mn
- Our quarterly attrition declined. Historically, Q1 attrition increases by three to four
percentage points sequentially on a quarterly annualized basis; however, our attrition
declined by one percentage point on a sequential basis - reflecting the impact of
various initiatives we have put in place
- We had a net headcount increase of over 21,000 employees attracting leading talent
from the market, which is a reflection of our enhanced recruitment capabilities, solid
brand and deeper penetration into various talent markets.
Our Cobalt Cloud capability continues to be market leading. We have 360 technology and
domain solutions, five of our assets have over 50 clients each, we have 150 industry focused
solutions, 20 Infosys living labs, 50 experimentation programs, and 60,000 knowledge assets.
Our ‘One Infosys’ approach is serving us well to bring the best of Infosys and service to our
client’s needs.
Earlier this month we announced the acquisition of BASE Life Sciences, a Denmark-based
technology and consulting firm in the life sciences industry. BASE brings to Infosys domain
expertise in medical, digital marketing, clinical and regulatory areas.
With our strong growth in Q1 and our current outlook on demand opportunity and pipeline,
we increase our revenue growth guidance which was at 13% to 15%, now to 14% to 16% for
the full year. We keep our margin guidance at 21% to 23%. With the increased cost
environment, we will be at the lower end of this margin guidance.
Thank you and with that let me hand it over to Nilanjan for his update.
5Nilanjan Roy
Thanks Salil. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining this call in an early Monday
morning.
We had a strong start of FY2023 with a robust year-on-year growth of 21.4% in constant
currency. All our business segments and major geos recorded double-digit growth with
manufacturing, communication and EURS along with Europe region recording 25% plus
growth.
Sequentially, revenue growth was 5.5% which was led by a healthy volume growth and some
RPP benefits. Digital revenues now constitute 61% of total and grew by 37.5% in constant
currency.
Client metrics were strong with increase in client counts across revenue buckets compared to
the previous year. Number of $50 mn clients increased by 10 to 69 creating the next potential
centurions. Number of $100 mn clients increased by 4 to 38 and the number of $200 mn
clients have grown by 6 in the last one year. This reflects our ability to deepen mining across
our large clients.
We had another quarter of strong employee additions with over 21,000 to cater to the growth
opportunities ahead. The fresher addition was particularly strong which resulted in drop in
utilization to 84.7%. Onsite effort mix inched up to 24.3%. Voluntary LTM attrition
increased marginally to 28.4%. Quarterly annualized attrition declined another by 1% from
Q4 levels despite Q1 usually seeing an uptick due to seasonality.
As announced earlier we have given competitive salary increases for majority of employees
from April. Given the supply tightness and high prevailing inflation, salary increases across
all geos this year are higher than historical levels. The increases vary based on job levels and
performance of employees with top performers getting double-digit hikes. Salary hike for
other employees is being done effective 1st July.
Q1 margin stood at 20%, a drop of 150 basis points versus previous quarter. The major
components of the sequential margin movements were as below:
6Headwinds of
- 1.6% due to salary increases,
- 0.4% due to drop in utilization as we create capacity for future,
- 0.3% due to increases in subcon, third party and other costs.
These were offset by tailwinds of
- 0.5% due to increase in RPP from higher working days, a reversal of a client's
contractual provision in our FS segment partially offset by discounts.
- 0.3% benefits from rupee depreciation benefits partially offset by cross-currency
headwinds.
Q1 EPS grew by 4.4% in rupee terms on a year-on-year basis.
Our balance sheet continues to be strong and debt-free. Consolidated cash and investments
were 4.4 bn at the end of the quarter after returning more than $850 mn to the shareholders
through dividends. This has led to increase in ROE to 31%.
Free cash flow for the quarter was $656 mn which is a conversion of 95% of net profits.
Yield on cash balance remained stable at 5.3% in Q1. DSO declined by 4 days sequentially to
63. DSO including net unbilled was 82 days an increase of 1 day versus Q4.
Coming to segmental performance:
We signed 19 large deals in Q1 with a TCV of $1.69 bn. This comprises of the 50% net new.
We have signed 5 large deals in retail and CPG, 4 in Hi-Tech, 3 each in financial services and
energy utility resources and services and 2 each in manufacturing and communications
verticals. Region-wise 15 were in Americas and 2 each in Europe and RoW.
In Financial Services clients continue to focus on digital customer experience, contact center
transformation and virtual branches aimed at improving customer engagement. While the
order pipeline remains strong across regions, we are seeing some slowness in mortgage
industry and lending business due to increased interest rates. We remain watchful of impacts
of emerging global developments on budget for clients.
7In the retail segment the pace of Digital transformation large-scale cost breakouts and
improving business resilience continues to be on the rise across various subsegments. Our
focus on proactive engagement has helped us in creating a robust pipeline. Clients are
monitoring the emerging macro situation and the impact of that on their business.
In communications segment clients are focused on rapid digitization and protecting their
assets from cyber threats, we see enormous potential to partner with them both on the digital
transformation agenda as well as in the cost takeout front.
Deal pipeline in energies, utilities, resources and services segments comprises of
opportunities around cost takeouts, vendor consolidation, digital transformation, cloud-led
transformation and asset monetization across industry sub-verticals.
Manufacturing segment is seeing broad-based growth across geographies and industry sub-
verticals. The sector has seen traction across energy, IoT, supply chain, cloud ERP and
accelerated cloud adoption.
In Q1 we have been ranked as leader in 9 ratings in the areas of Oracle Cloud, SAP
S/4HANA, Public Cloud, Industry 4.0, employee experience and automation services.
In this supply constrained environment, we continue to invest in our growth momentum
which requires us to hire premium, skill talent while simultaneously investing in existing
employees through competitive compensation increases across geos. Additionally, we expect
normalization of costs like travel and other overheads. We will continue to focus on various
cost optimization measures including rationalization of subcons, flattening of the pyramid,
increasing automation, reducing onsite mix and increasing pricing.
Whilst we retain our operating margin guidance of 21% to 23%, we expect to be at the
bottom end of the range. The revenue guidance for the year has been revised to 14% to 16%
from 13% to 15% earlier.
With that we can open the call for questions.
