
8Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer
session. Our first question is from the line of Surendra Goyal from Citi Group. Please go
ahead.
Surendra Goyal
Thanks for that. Good morning just a couple of questions from my side. Firstly a clarification.
Nilanjan, I believe you said that the contractual provision was largely offset by discounts.
Could you please clarify a bit. Did you mean discounts to the same client or discounts in
general? Curious because on one hand we are talking of a strong demand environment and
potential price hikes and at the same time we are also talking of discounts?
Nilanjan Roy
The comment was 0.5% increase in RPP is a combination of three to four elements – higher
working days, the client contraction provision reversal benefits partially offset by discount.
So it is not a direct linkage of discounts and client contractual provisions. It is not to the same
client. These are generic discounts and these automatically keep on coming. But, like I said
discounts have come down as we have started negotiating with our clients in terms of pricing
but that is the net impact of all these.
Surendra Goyal
Just another question on margin down 360 bps year-over-year, operating profit growth Y-o-Y
is worse in historical trends despite all the strong demand and growth we are talking about.
So if you just think about this 360 basis point decline, how much of that is really investment
which you think can be recouped as we go forward from here?
Nilanjan Roy
When we were 360 bps down, we knew we were having some benefits in a way - our
utilization was very high it was 88%, we have never operated at that level before, the benefits
of travel etc. Now we are seeing more and more of that has been coming back. So that is
something which we were well aware of in last year. But as we see the demand volume
ahead, I think we are very clear that in terms of our ability to support this demand first we
9have to hire, we have to pay competitively. So we actually did two wage hikes in calendar
year 2021 and now this year we have already rolled out in April. So within one and a half
year we have done three substantial CRs and actually in September last year also we did a
skill based increase. So we have been continuously investing behind that and we know that to
capitalize this demand we have to pay for premium skills. We have to go behind the volume.
Comparing subcontractor costs - perhaps from an industry leading 6.5% position we are
closer to 11% now, but again these are something we know over a period of time we have a
lot of optimization levers. We do not want to leave a five-year demand on the table because
of short-term cost pressures and these we can optimize over this year and over the future as
well. So in that sense we are quite confident and that is why we have talked about 21% to
23% range and we will be at the bottom end of the range. Of course if we are 20% today, we
will see that improvement as the year progresses.
Surendra Goyal
Sure thanks for that I will get back in the queue.
