
Thank you. The next question is from Sankalp Phartiyal from Bloomberg. Sankalp please
unmute and ask your question.
Sankalp Phartiyal
Good evening Salil and Nilanjan. I wanted to ask you on the macro level, we saw
commentary from TCS earlier and they were very confident about robustness like yourself,
just wanted to ask you when you talk with clients is there any colour or signs that there are
news in terms of the macroeconomics worries that almost a number of economists point out
in terms of greater economic slowdown and cooling off and get spending because your
commentary obviously is part of that collection, but if that happens how do you plan to reset
and optimize in resources, that’s one.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Sankalp I think the second question you broke off. On the first, the question was a
macro question, if I got it right? Here, I think the way we look at this as I shared earlier, there
are pockets where we see some changes. For example, I gave the example of mortgages in
Financial Services. There are areas like that but the prevalent view across our pipeline today
is we have a good pipeline overall. Now looking ahead, we do not have a view on what is
likely to happen let us say 12 months out or 18 months out. Our focus remains really on what
we are seeing in our pipeline today and making sure as we have finished one quarter of this
financial year that we work our way through this financial year always being aware of the
environment, what is going on, well at the same time when clients are looking for changes,
whether their growth driven initiatives on Digital or Cloud or cost driven initiatives focused
on automation or other areas that we provide them with the capabilities and the services that
can help them. So yes we are aware and obviously cognizant of what the macro environment
14is, but that is not what is driving everything in terms of our day-to-day. We see the pipeline,
we see what our clients are looking for and we are making sure we are agile as things evolve
that we can also adapt. The second part we missed out. There was something about hiring.
We did not get the full question.
