
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ritesh Rathod from Nippon India. Please go
ahead.
Ritesh Rathod
Just on this margin within a quarter you have to lower your guidance on the margin side so
this is despite rupee depreciation benefit, despite attrition coming down in last two quarters.
So what has surprised internally in your expectations, so that you have to bring it down to the
lower end?
Nilanjan Roy
26Yes, I think I just mentioned this is a very dynamic and moving forecast completely. What is
the impact of attrition, how much wage hikes will come in, new hires - it is very dynamic,
how the pricing plays out. So, this is a very fluid situation, but the 21% to 23% band we said,
we are within that but of course at the bottom end of it. We are committed from where we are
today at 20% to do all our various cost optimizations, factoring the cost impacts of what we
see in terms of wage inflation there could be potential benefits of the rupee etc. So it is a
combination of all this into the forecast.
Ritesh Rathod
What would have been the bigger surprise element? would it be the wage or would it be the
pricing benefit not coming through? Any one highlight compared to what you expected at the
start of the year?
Nilanjan Roy
It is a combination of various things and I would not say surprise. Like I said, it is a fluid
situation and we have to remain agile. That is more important rather than anything else.
Ritesh Rathod
Coming to pockets of weakness which is pointed out in retail, mortgages, can you give some
color are clients taking a pause in decision making, are the new deals not getting converted or
are the existing deals which have been moving, they are not getting ramped up? What is the
exact sense on the business over there?
Salil Parekh
There within the areas of that pockets that we described, there we see a slowing. For
example, if you look at the mortgage situation the volume there in the market meaning the
client volume as a macro level has gone down in the European and U.S. market. So our work
there is proportionally reduced. The overall point which I shared earlier, we see some slowing
in decision making but nonetheless the pipeline remains today in a good position and that
allows us to increase the guidance.
Ritesh Rathod
27Maybe last one on your deal wins on LTM basis, your deal wins are down sharply if you see
last three, four quarters versus the previous four quarters and even if I adjust the base because
of the high value deals, which you won in a couple of quarters, four, quarters back, you are
still down minimum by 15%, how do you connect those two dots that your LTM deal wins
are down but your deal pipeline is all time high. Are the deal conversion ratios dropping then
what it was used to be?
Salil Parekh
There on the large deals we always see some volatility because these are deals which were
larger, the ones we share in this number are larger than $50 mn in value. We do see the
pipeline being larger than where it was and what we referenced in some areas slowing of it,
that we do not see any change in the other parameters of the pipeline.
Ritesh Rathod
Okay thank you wish you good luck.
