
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley.
Please go ahead.
Gaurav Rateria
Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So firstly is there any difference in the
client decision making behavior in U.S. versus European clients and the reason is that I am
asking is U.S. is seeing fair bit of broad-based growth across segments but when you look at
Europe, there is a weakness specifically in retail and communication vertical whereas the
other two verticals, energy, Hi-Tech has grown very, very well. So just trying to understand
are there any client specific pockets especially in Europe where you kind of see decision
making behavior has changed compared to the U.S. market?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for that question. Today we are not seeing something which is more geography based
as you are describing. We see something which is more globally industry-based and client
based, as you know well is mainly U.S, Europe and Australia. So not so much color on which
is more geography related.
25Gaurav Rateria
Second question on margins, your margin outlook at the lower end - you explained very well
the supply side and cost related factors which has led to this, but is there also an element of
expectation of pricing increase that has been tapered down, which has led to you to now take
the margin outlook to the lower end and is it fair to say that with all the cost levers that you
have in place the exit margin should be better than the lower end of the guidance? Thank you.
Nilanjan Roy
I think when we do our margins forecast with a combination of factors that we look at and
that equation keeps on changing and it is more dynamic. What happened in the previous
quarter, what do we see as outlook, what is happening on subcon, wage inflation - so that mix
continues to change and evolve. Sometimes we have to push harder on some pedals in terms
of accelerating some programs. And then going back to the level where we are today at 20%
and we are saying we will be at the bottom end of 21%, I think that should give you a good
sense of the margin trajectory for the rest of the year.
Gaurav Rateria
Thank you.
