
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go
ahead.
Kumar Rakesh
Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. My first question was continuation on the
margin side. At the end of the fourth quarter, and not just Infosys but across the industry what
the management commentary had indicated compared to that the margin performance appears
to be a sharper decline. Now Salil what do you think could be the reason behind that? Is it
driven by higher than expected demand and higher use of subcontracting than what you are
planning early or is it more supply side driven that the fresher was higher than what we had
planned for through the quarter?
Nilanjan Roy
Are you talking about us in particular about the industry?
Kumar Rakesh
Anything whatever you could give us color on because the trend has been very similar to
yourself.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so we do not operate in a vacuum and this industry also does not operate in a vacuum.
The attrition trends are pretty much similar across industries but the good news, like you said
is that attrition is coming down. Our quarter attrition figure is actually below our LTM
12figures and as Salil said we are 1% down on a sequential basis, we were 5% down in the
previous quarter and we were flat the earlier quarter. The reported LTM is more of a catch-up
effect and in that sense you will see stabilization. The freshers will start coming in and
getting permeated. So that benefit in a way should start creeping into the cost structure
because at the end of the day if you are putting freshers we have less attrition, the fresh hikes
which you have to give for lateral hirers should come down, joining bonuses impact should
come down. So these are the things which can play in our favour. You have seen these
numbers of decline pretty much across industries. I think we have a very, very sharp cost
optimization program in a way which will go and offset these headwinds.
Kumar Rakesh
Got it. So it appears the supply side pressure was higher than what we were earlier expecting.
My second question was on the acquisition.
Nilanjan Roy
I think there is no question about that. You see our attrition and the net adds, the gross hiring
has been very well and of course in that sense in terms of our stretches and all we have to
offer. So it is an overall industry issues led from the demand side.
Kumar Rakesh
Thanks. My second question was on BASE acquisition. So we already have a pretty strong
life sciences practice with more than $1 bn scale, so what exactly we are looking and
targeting to get help from this acquisition?
Salil Parekh
On BASE there are multiple things. This is a business which is very high end in the life
sciences area. When we launched our strategy a few weeks ago just at the start of the quarter
we had shared also a new focus or an expanded focus on Europe. Denmark for us is a very
strategic market, the whole Scandinavian market is a very strategic market for us. So that is
the second area that it benefits us. We also see clients are using the capabilities of BASE as a
starting point and then that leads to large technology transformation, digital transformation
13and that helps us overall in terms of scaling up that segment. That is a segment which we feel
is a strong segment for the future and where in our view underweight in percentage terms. So
we want to enhance that with these existing capabilities.
Kumar Rakesh
Got it thanks a lot for that Salil.
