
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities.
Please go ahead.
Moshe Katri
Thanks. Spectacular numbers especially on revenues side of the business. Just a follow-up to
the last topic or question about margins. We are getting a lot of pushbacks on that. From your
perspective looking at the levers that you highlighted, what do you think is the biggest
potential lever here for you to be able to catch up to the margin range that you mentioned and
then I have a follow-up after that.
Nilanjan Roy
Firstly if you see, how our margin profile, has changed, so one, of course has been this
utilization and in fact, 21,000+ net adds during the quarter which is well above our volumes
and that is to create the buffer. So when we put in freshers, we train them and then over a
10period of time, we are able to put them into production. So you cannot just have higher
freshers and expect them to start contributing from day 1. We are very vigilant about that.
They go through mandatory training in Myosre, and then we put them into projects. So that is
one big part of where we think we can start improving. As the hiring catches up
automatically, you will see the stabilization of subcon costs, which as percentage of revenue,
you are seeing this increase every quarter. While we have seen it flattening out and over the
future, as we got our recruitments done and we are able to hire fresher, we should see benefits
coming out of that.
Pyramid benefits will continue to happen for us. While we are seeing some adverse impact
from the onsite movement, this is largely as travel overseas starts, but we think this is more of
a aberration in terms of uptick, because the inherent story of taking cost out and having a
more offshore mix in the entire cost optimization will come into benefits especially in this
environment where cost take out is becoming a big theme across our clients. So, we know we
can have multiple areas.
Pricing is another thing, which we have been talking about. We have seen less impact of
discounts, etc., we are going back to clients in terms of COLA adjustments at the time of
renewals. Now these are much more longer-term impact decisions, but I think at least the
conversations have started in right direction across all the segments and you can hear similar
commentary across. So I think these are the areas we continue to focus on and are something
we have done over the years. We continue to be very forceful in terms of our cost efficiency
exercises.
Moshe Katri
Just as a follow-up, just remind us what is the sensitivity for margins versus utilization rates
i.e., 100 basis points expansion in utilization rates what does it mean to margins in terms of
sensitivity? Thank you.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so I think it depends on by which levels we see utilization. So, it is quite complicated if
you have a different utilization in onsite, different in offshore and then the impact of the
freshers in the pyramid in that utilization. So, it is a bit complicated how the mix changes. I
11just cannot give you off the cuff number of what 1% will lead to, but to give you the impact
in this quarter, 40 basis points because of utilization on margins.
Moshe Katri
All right thanks for the color.
