
Thank you. The next question is from Sai Ishwar from The Economic Times. Sai also joins us
on audio. Sai, please unmute and ask your question.
Sai Ishwar
15Hi gentlemen, Salil one question for you would be you spoke about attrition, you are billing
the arrest attrition to two special initiatives, could you tell us like how or what are these
initiatives and also on an LTM basis it has climbed up so once the annual cycle has high
cycle finished, so do you see that inching up on an LTM basis continuing and also profit has
fallen on Q-o-Q basis so could you tell us what is the reason there and also one question for
you Nilanjan is, you said on an overall basis the rupee depreciation won’t result in any impact
but in the near term do you see any benefits because the rupee has depreciated from 76 to 80
so at least in the near term do you see any impact? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Let me start off. Thanks for your questions, Sai. On the attrition, in the previous quarters, we
have shared some of the focus that the team and we have put on what we really want to do in
improving the engagement with employees. There are areas which are focused on increased
opportunities, there are areas which are focused on increased rewards, there are areas which
are focused on making sure that there is more stability and predictability in the way career
progression is managed for our employees, and there are areas where we are making sure that
all of the training capabilities and facilities are available to develop individuals all through
their careers. We have seen much more engagement from employees, there is tremendous
flexibility that we have vis-à-vis how we have employees working in the hybrid model. All of
these are initiatives that have been launched over the past several quarters and over some
years, which we see starting to give us benefit, and that is where we have seen on a quarterly
basis reduction in the attrition in the first quarter.
Nilanjan Roy
Your first question basically was on the profit decline and that is directly linked to the
operating margin. We have talked about the decline in operating margin and the reasons. The
wage hike was the biggest, it was 1.6%. This was both onsite and offshore and these have
been higher than what we have done in the past. Our compensation hikes in the western
economies was even higher what we have done normally. Even in India it was high single-
digit with top performers getting double digit and like I said, this is an investment we are
willing to make. So that is the fundamental decline in margin and that flows straight into net
profit decline. The second question was dollar rupee - of course, there will be some benefits
16going forward but like you have seen in this quarter, there is also cross currency headwinds
because the depreciation of the Euro, the GBP, the Aussie dollar and the Canadian dollar. So
in fact, half of our rupee dollar benefit, this quarter was eroded by the cross currency
headwinds so we actually only got a 30 BPS benefit on our margins because of currency. So,
we should see some benefits of that but just to make sure that we are modeling in the cross-
currency as well.
