
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pankaj Kapoor from CLSA. Please go
ahead.
23Pankaj Kapoor
Thanks for the opportunity. Salil can you give some color on the overall order book since the
reported TCV, what we give that covers only $50 mn plus deal and may not really be
representative. So any quantitative or qualitative comment on the scale and how the overall
order book has grown, that will be helpful?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for the question. As you know, we share the large deal win numbers. We do not
publish the overall deal wins. Having said that, the main context I would put is the increase in
the growth guidance that we have provided and that factors in all of the inputs that you may
be looking for, which essentially comes from a very strong Q1 execution - 5.5% QoQ, 21.4%
YoY growth and then a view that we have on what we see in the coming quarters and an
overall view of H1, H2 in our mix within the company - that is sort of broadly how we looked
at it. On the large deals, we have shared this in the past. Typically, this is a number which is a
little bit more volatile because we only report deals which are larger than $50 million in our
large deals and so that is really the way you can look at.
Pankaj Kapoor
My second question is on the profitability in the manufacturing vertical where the margins
have been coming down and in fact the last three quarters probably they have halved despite
a very strong revenue growth. I understand this could be because of a very large deal which is
still ramping up there, can you give a sense of how the profitability curve in this vertical
could shape over the next two, three quarters. What I am trying to understand is that has it
bottomed out now or you think that this could potentially go down further? Thank you.
Nilanjan Roy
Firstly, you have seen the revenue growth which has been quite spectacular in this segment.
This has been led by large deals. As we talk about our approach, from day one a lot of clients
would like to see savings, but we are very clear that over a period of time we have a lot of
cost optimization levers. On day one you cannot pivot the cost structure, whereas clients may
ask for the savings, but we know there are enough levers over time that we continue to deploy
24on all these large deals. And if I go back to the last three years, four years in fact when the
large deal strategy started, we have actually seen an increase in margins over that period. So,
there is no historical correlation in saying whether the large deals are dilutive, because we
continue working on taking out costs from the system and that gets factored into our entire
process. We look at how we are going to optimize onsite offshore, many of these projects
require dramatic automation, we can inject that through all our services which we are
providing, we know how the pyramid works. So these are the things which we know works
over the lifetime of these large deals and that is something we know we can deploy. So that is
something, without getting specifically into manufacturing, what we do well.
Pankaj Kapoor
Got it. Thank you and wish you all the best.
