
Thank you. The next question is from Sumit Mehrotra from CNBC Awaaz. Sumit please
unmute and ask your question.
Sumit Mehrotra
Good evening gentlemen. My first question would be for Salil. Salil top five client
contribution has increased substantially on a Q-on-Q basis despite we have seen a low client
addition so how do we read this first of all. And for Nilanjan, Nilanjan we have raised
revenue guidance for FY2023 to 14% to 16% but margin guidance remains unchanged and it
was lower 100 basis points last quarter so can we say margin is stabilized or we see some
more cost escalation going forward? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks Sumit. I think on the first point in terms of the top five, we are seeing really strong
traction with our large clients, where we are expanding - working on big digital and cloud
transformation programs. So that gives us that sort of an impact across those five at this stage.
On the margin let me pass it on to Nilanjan.
Nilanjan Roy
I think, from an overall supply environment you are all seeing the number in the industry in
terms of attrition. Of course, we have seen moderation over the last three quarters. In Q3 it
was stabilizing. In Q4 it actually came down by about 5%. This quarter usually is seasonally
very high attrition, but despite that we have actually seen a 1% drop. One thing, as we are
putting in more freshers, the industry puts in more freshers, we will see that benefit flowing
through as well. But the reality today is attrition is higher than what we would like but then
we have to go and invest behind the talent. We are paying some stretch salaries in case where
we are going outside. We are paying a compensation hike after last June - so in 9 months we
9have done our next compensation hike - earlier than some of the peers but we are ready to
invest. Because this growth is strong as Salil has mentioned - at 5.5% QoQ and 21.4% YoY -
it is industry-leading growth. We want to continue to invest there and going forward we will
have these cost optimization levers to continuously deploy.
