
Thank you. The next question is from Sajeet Manghat from BloombergQuint. Sajeet please
unmute and ask your question.
Sajeet Manghat
Good evening gentlemen. My first question is for Salil. Salil you spoke about increasing your
guidance range to 14% to 16% but at the same time, your TCV wins have been much lower
in this quarter. Is there a reason for that and the second part is that you are talking about
recession talks which may impact BFSI going forward. Given these scenarios in place do you
think this is a conservative 14% to 16% guidance that you have given? What are the other
headwinds that we see going forward? And for Nilanjan 20% margin you hit this quarter but
you are saying that you will be maintaining 21% to 23% and remaining at the bottom end of
that range. How confident are you to maintain that kind of margin and what is the kind of
outlook that you have for hiring this year?
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Sajeet. I think the view we have today is we see that our Q1 was very strong with
5.5% growth sequential - all of this is essentially organic growth. We see good volume in
what we are seeing in terms of the pipeline. For us, large deals are always volatile in some
quarters up and some quarters down, but the overall pipeline for our large deals remains
strong. So at this stage looking at where we see the demand we increased our growth
guidance for the full year. Yes, there are pockets as I referenced before where we see of
course the impact coming in some areas, but we are not seeing it across the board. Each of
our sectors has grown well, many of them 20% to 25%. Geographies have done well. We
have had very strong growth in Europe, strong growth in the US, and strong growth in the
rest of the world. So we feel, at this stage, that gives us the comfort to increase our growth
guidance.
Nilanjan Roy
I have been repeating on the margins – we are at 20%, we have taken a hit of 1.6% from
wage hike, we have taken a hit of 40 basis points on utilization this quarter, we have taken 30
7basis points hit on subcon as well. So these are three big hits we have taken. Now going
forward, we have a marginal wage hike coming in Q2 for medium to senior people, but then
all our cost optimizations, the fresher kicking in, the utilization kicking in, pricing,
automation, I think those will all start kicking as we go ahead. So guidance of 21% to 23%
and being at the bottom end of that - we are quite confident.
