: Next question is from Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead.
Jinesh Gandhi: A couple of questions from my side. First is, can you share the export revenues for the quarter and the
March quarter as well?
Rahul Bharti: Rs. 3,640 crore.
Jinesh Gandhi: Rs. 3,640 crore, okay. This is for the current quarter?
Page | 9
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 July 2022Rahul Bharti: Q1 of this year.
Jinesh Gandhi: And what would you be for the fourth quarter of last year?
Ajay Seth: Rs. 3,511 crore.
Jinesh Gandhi: Secondly, with respect to when you mentioned about JPY benefit in this quarter, it could be hardly
anything, right, because of the lag effect and the large benefit will come only in 2Q?
Ajay Seth: That is correct. It's not very significant. The bulk of the impact, as I mentioned, will come in subsequent
quarters.
Jinesh Gandhi: Got it. And with respect to Brezza's 70,000 bookings, Rahul San mentioned about the top variant getting
the maximum bookings. Is that understanding right or I misunderstood that?
Rahul Bharti: Yes, that is right. The top 2 variants, the Zxi+ and Zxi. They contribute more than 50% of the total
bookings.
Jinesh Gandhi: And this is despite the pricing of those products, right. That's very good. I mean, despite prices have
increased materially because of the features which you are offering, so that is what is attracting
customers.
Rahul Bharti: Right.
Jinesh Gandhi: That's what we happen to see. And lastly, a couple of data points on Gujarat production and royalty for
the quarter.
Ajay Seth: Already the royalty continues to be at the same level of 3.7%. And as we have already mentioned, and
all these models have now moved to a rupee-based formula. So, royalty is pretty much fixed. There's no
impact that we have now on any exchange risk that we earlier carrying. So, that's on the royalty. And
what was the other question that you asked?
Jinesh Gandhi: The Gujarat production, SMG production.
Ajay Seth: 31% volume that you see is produced by Gujarat.
