: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of Maruti
Suzuki India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance
during the conference call, please signal an operator pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav
Ambaprasad. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Pranav Ambaprasad: Thank you, Aman. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, once again. May I introduce you to the
management team from Maruti Suzuki. Today, we have with us our CFO, Mr. Ajay Seth. From
Corporate, we have Executive Director, Corporate Planning and Government Affairs, Mr. Rahul Bharti;
General Manager, Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations, Mr. Nikhil Vyas. From Finance, we have
Executive Director, Mr. Pradeep Garg; Executive Vice President, Mr. Sanjay Mathur; and Vice
President, Mr. Dinesh Gandhi.
The con call will begin with a brief statement on the performance and outlook of our business by Mr.
Seth, after which we'll be happy to receive your questions.
May I remind you of the safe harbor. We may be making some forward-looking statements that have to
be understood in conjunction with the uncertainty and the risks that the company faces. I also like to
inform you that the call is being recorded, and the audio recording and the transcript will be available at
our website. May please note that in case of any inadvertent error during this live audio call, the transcript
will be provided with the corrected information.
I would now like to invite our CFO, Mr. Seth. Over to you, sir.
Ajay Seth: Thanks Pranav,
Good afternoon, Ladies and Gentlemen,
I hope you and your families are healthy and safe.
Let me start with some business highlights
Since long, our investors, analysts and well-wishers were eagerly awaiting for our action on new product
launches, specially in SUV space. We are happy to inform that we have started launching one product
after the other. We have broken all earlier barriers by offering products with new age features and cutting-
edge technologies. We thank all our investors and analysts for keeping their trust in us and I am sure you
would be happy to see our comeback with products which are proving to be blockbusters from DAY
ONE.
The all new Brezza, India’s most loved compact SUV, will help in strengthening our SUV offerings.
With around 70,000 bookings in a short span of time, customer response for all new-Brezza is
overwhelming.
Introduction of technologically advanced features such as electric sunroof, Heads-Up Display,
Telematics, 360-degree camera, ESP & Hill hold assist among others is helping in improving customer
convenience and safety in these products.
Page | 2
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 July 2022The Company with its next generation, highly efficient K-series engines and electrification technologies
is working towards lowering the CO2 emission for its fleet. These new products come with improved
energy efficiencies that help in both lowering the Co2 emissions as well as lowering the running cost.
Relevance of fuel efficiency improvement is more pronounced during the ongoing period of elevated
fuel prices.
One of our most spectacular models, Grand Vitara, is a new SUV model conceptualized, designed and
developed by Suzuki and will be produced at Toyota Kirloskar Motor Pvt. Ltd. In addition to sales in
India, the model is also planned to be exported to markets outside India. It has multiple variants with
different powertrain options such as, the Suzuki ALLGRIP SELECT with off-roading technology, the
Intelligent Electric Hybrid powertrain which delivers almost 28 km per liter and the Smart hybrid
powertrain version.
Going forward, the Company will stive to further strengthen its SUV portfolio to dominate the SUV
segment, just like all other segments.
During the quarter, the Company finalised the land site for new manufacturing plant in Haryana, an 800
acres site at IMT Kharkhoda. The first plant with a manufacturing capacity of 250,000 vehicles per
annum is expected to be commissioned within the year 2025. In the first phase, the investment would be
over INR 11,000 crores. The site will have space for capacity expansion to include more manufacturing
plants in the future.
Coming to export markets. Thanks to our parent Company, Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan, we have
been able to leverage their vast global distribution network to significantly enhance our exports. With
this we recorded our highest ever quarterly exports of 69,437 vehicles in Q1 FY 2022-23.
Reinforcing its commitment to maximize the use of renewable energy in operations, the Company has
set up a 20 MW solar power plant at its Manesar facility.
Coming to the business environment,
The electronics component shortages are still limiting our production volumes. In this quarter, the
Company could not produce 51,000 vehicles. Limited visibility on availability of electronics components
is a challenge in planning our production. Our Supply chain, Engineering, Production and Sales teams
are working towards maximizing the production volume from available semi-conductors. The supply
situation of electronic components continues to remain unpredictable.
Input cost pressure, led by the increase in commodity prices, was another challenge for the Company.
The Company has always strived to provide mobility to masses and continued to work on focused cost
reduction efforts to limit the impact of commodity inflation on selling prices.
Coming to financial results:
Performance in quarter 1 of FY2021-22 was affected by Covid related shutdowns and disruptions and
hence a comparison of Q1 of last year with Q1 of this year is not on a like to like basis.
Page | 3
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 July 2022The Company sold a total of 467,931 vehicles during the quarter. Sales in the domestic market stood at
398,494 units. Exports were at 69,437 units, the highest ever in any quarter. During the same period
previous year, the Company sold a total of 353,614 units including sales of 308,095 units in domestic
market and 45,519 units in export markets.
During the quarter, the Company registered Net Sales of INR 252,863 million as against INR 167,987
million in quarter 1 of previous year.
The Operating Profit in Q1 of this year stood at INR 12,607 million. During the same period previous
year, the Operating Profit was at INR 779 million.
The Net Profit for the quarter stood at INR 10,128 million against INR 4,408 million in Q1 of previous
year.
We are now ready to take your questions, feedback, and any other observations that you may have. Thank
you.
