: Next question is from Pramod Kumar from UBS. Please go ahead.
Pramod Kumar: My first question pertains to the CNG and the hybrid tech side. So, if you can just help us understand
how is the demand for CNG models evolved over the last few weeks or actually, let's say, for 2 months
because CNG prices have moved quite sharply and price gap between petrol and CNG has narrowed as
well. Sir, if you can just help us understand, is the way you look at the booking run rate or the booking
velocity for CNG, has there been any let up from the customer side?
Rahul Bharti: CNG is currently 20% of our sales, and we are looking at it as a larger decarbonization journey. And this
situation has arisen from the war. So, these short-term phenomena, will not matter in the long term. So,
we have products in the pipeline also.
Pramod Kumar: No, the reason why I was asking that, Rahul San, was that the customers in terms of behavior are far
more sensitive towards OPEX. And as the OPEX benefit of CNG kind of reduces, I'm just curious to
understand, is there any change in the booking pattern, that's about it? I'm just going back to the previous
episode of diesel versus gasoline between FY '11, '13. And in a way, extending that to the hybrid bit, I
wanted to understand given the fuel economy delta, what is kind of driving a lot of customers to prefer
the strong hybrid technology given the initial booking numbers what you're talking about? I was just
trying to get the sensitivity around the OPEX bit.
Rahul Bharti: So, interestingly, a good percentage of the bookings have come in the strong hybrid category, almost
45%+ of bookings. And I think it is not just OPEX, customers are attracted to a new technology, and
they want to embrace it fast. And there is some sensitivity about lower carbon emissions also. So, this is
very positive. And along the way when customers actually see the car and, in the display, it clearly
explains how the battery plus motor combination is providing the power to the wheel or the engine is
providing power to the wheel. So, the more they use it, the more we believe there would be traction in
this segment. OPEX, of course, does matter, but I think over the long term, we will also strive to deliver
better on both OPEX and CAPEX for the customers.
Page | 7
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 July 2022Pramod Kumar: And Rahul San, extending that hybrid bit, is it fair to assume that Grand Vitara is just the start of the kind
of taking strong hybrid to the masses and one should expect more of this technology even on the existing
models and not necessarily restricted only to new launches in the premium category?
Rahul Bharti: Depending upon market response, we would like to maximize this to the extent possible.
Pramod Kumar: And final question on the Haryana CAPEX. Just curious, given that for the last several years now, Suzuki
has been kind of doing the heavy lift on CAPEX or new incremental capacity. So, I just wanted to
understand the reason or the thought process for doing the Haryana CAPEX on our books. Or was there
no discussion with Suzuki or offer from Suzuki to do the CAPEX on that count as well on their books?
I just want to understand the thought process there.
Rahul Bharti: Pramod, the way we think about running our operations is slightly different from what the narrative goes
on. Books is a very virtual description. We work in the real world where we have to operate factories,
we have to look at operations, logistics, what suits us in terms of real factories, real dispatches, etc. So,
it made all sense to do it in Haryana. So, we did it in Haryana.
Pramod Kumar: No. Rahul San, the question was why is the CAPEX being incurred by Maruti and not by Suzuki.
Rahul Bharti: Exactly. That is what I'm answering. Our considerations are real. In the real world, they are more about
running factories with good operational efficiencies, with logistics, with proximity to our current
manufacturing ecosystem, including the supply chain. It is not so much about placing it in one company's
books or the other company’s So, Haryana suited us,in the overall scheme of things, that's why we
decided to locate it in Haryana. And if it is in Haryana, it has to be on Maruti's books.
Pramod Kumar: That's the understanding. Okay. Sorry, I wasn't aware about that. And sorry for this, but there are some
concerns that are exports to Africa in the 2-wheeler category because of demand weakness in Africa, and
particularly in Africa and other EMs, because of the high inflation and all of that. So, how should one
look at your export outlook for, say, fiscal '23 or the remainder of this fiscal? And even longer term,
given the kind of growth that we've had over the last 2 years. So, should one expect double-digit growth
on the export front to continue?
Rahul Bharti: As you have seen, we had a significant jump in exports in the recent past. Last year, we almost doubled
our exports, although on a low base. And this year also, the momentum is fortunately quite strong. This
kind of uncertainty of one market or one country having some kind of economic cycle always exist in
exports. But the only strategy is that you have to spread yourself across more such markets and gain from
more. So, as of now, we are bullish on our exports, and it's going quite well. The distribution network of
our parent is helping us. And so far, fortunately, there is no such signal of inflation or any economic
cycle affecting it.
