: Next question is from Pramod Amthe from Incred Capital. Please go ahead.
Pramod Amthe: Two questions, again, with regard to Grand Vitara. So, one, I wanted to know how are you looking at the
segment opportunity in terms of the way you have priced it, the product and offering which you have on
table, including the fuel efficiency? What's the market size there? Do you plan to expand exponentially
with the new offerings which you have? Can you give some color on it?
Page | 8
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 July 2022Rahul Bharti: I missed the first part of your sentence.
Pramod Amthe: No, I was saying the way you have positioned Grand Vitara, what's the market size opportunities
available for that model based on your price points and also the variants which you are positioned.
Rahul Bharti: See, today, the SUV segment is about 40% of the market. And if we divide it into 3 parts, compact SUV,
mid SUV and premium SUV, the mid SUV segment is about 50% of SUV segment. So, another
phenomena is that if there is a good product, the segment also expands. They say supply creates its own
demand. So, we think it's a very powerful product. And this is just our second product in the SUV space.
We have a further pipeline of products in the overall market, and we would like to maximize. In terms
of pricing, I think the features, the styling, and the technologies employed are cutting edge. So, we think
we will get a commensurate price for that.
Pramod Amthe: And how do you look at the fuel options there, petrol versus diesel split up? And have you been able to
attract some of the diesel customers to you because you are providing hybrid options?
Rahul Bharti: So, this is an expectation. The earlier precedence says that in the entry SUV segment, as I had mentioned
earlier, there was 80% diesel, 20% petrol a few years ago. When the Brezza (BS6) entered, it just reversed
from 80-20% to 20-80%. So, if customers see a good product, we expect the same in this segment also,
something similar. Diesel also has other disadvantages. I mean, the regulatory part is quite difficult. And
still, it is perceived as an unclean fuel. So, we expect customers to have a good pull for strong hybrid
gasoline along with all its advantages.
Pramod Amthe: And the last question related to the way the revenue and expenses recognition for this product. Will it be
directly a Toyota plant selling to Maruti Suzuki or it will go to Suzuki Gujarat and then it will then be
accounted into Suzuki as sales and expenses?
Rahul Bharti: It has nothing to do with SMG. It is with Maruti. So, Maruti Suzuki will be selling it to its dealers and
exporting to many countries of the world.
Pramod Amthe: So, is it fair to know that the treatment will be similar to the Gujarat plant sourcing you do in terms of
expenses and sales? Or will there be any key differentiator the way the accounting is done? Just curious
to know in case if there are any differences.
Rahul Bharti: One thing unique about the SMG contract manufacturing arrangement is that SMG is an exclusive
contract manufacturer for Maruti Suzuki. They cannot supply to anybody else, whether in India or abroad.
And they will supply to us at cost ie. no profit. This is a unique arrangement. This may not be replicable
across
