: Next question is from Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Gunjan Prithyani: Just 2 questions. Firstly, the extension on the margin. You mentioned about 200 basis point impact of
commodity. Against that, we had offsets available from price hike, which is almost 1.3%, which we had
announced and then we had the yen depreciation, which benefited as well. So, in that context, the 1%
decline that is there in the gross margin seems a bit steep. So, if you could just give us more color, maybe
help us quantify what were the promotional spends? Or did we really see any yen depreciation benefit in
this quarter? Some quantifying around that will help us.
Ajay Seth: So, as I mentioned earlier that there was this commodity impact, which was partially offset by selling
price increase and sales promotion cost was sequentially higher from Q4 to Q1. So, the net impact
between the selling price increase and the material cost was still about 1.2%, as you see in the numbers.
Besides that, there was an increase in the employee cost because usually in the first quarter, you will
always see the regular impact, of salary increases and retirement benefit which are built in, which was
about 0.6%. So, these are 2 major factors for the movement of operating profit between quarter 4 of last
year and quarter 1 of this year.
Gunjan Prithyani: Anything to quantify on yen depreciation? Was there any meaningful benefit in this quarter?
Ajay Seth: There was a benefit, though not very big because the benefit comes with a quarter lag. As I mentioned to
you, the indirect imports are the larger piece, direct is a much smaller piece. And the rates of quarter 4
Page | 5
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 July 2022would have applied in quarter 1, but we will see a much larger impact as we move forward because now,
we will have the full benefit of the current exchange rates in the coming quarters.
Gunjan Prithyani: So, that yen benefit will flow through in second quarter. Okay, got it. The second question was on the
Grand Vitara again. Now clearly, it's good to see that response to the strong hybrid. Just trying to get
your thought process. There is about 45%-50% diesel share in this category. So, how are we thinking
about competing with the diesel portfolio there, given hybrid still suffers from higher taxation. So, maybe
some thoughts how we are positioning to compete with the diesel share within that midsize UV segment.
Rahul Bharti: The hybrid taxation is a shade lower than the diesel taxation in that segment (Mid-SUV). So, to that
extent, it is not a disadvantage. Secondly, customers are yet to see a very powerful product with efficient
gasoline in that segment. I may also remind you that in the entry SUV segment, the diesel to gasoline
ratio used to be 80:20 a few years ago. After the entry of Brezza (BS6), it reversed from about 80:20 to
20:80. And now even the 20% diesel has now become about 18.3% diesel. So, if customers get a good
product, they'll lap it up.
Gunjan Prithyani: And can you share the discounts for the quarter. This is the last one from me.
Ajay Seth: Discounts, this quarter, were at Rs. 12,750/veh, and quarter 4 was lower at Rs. 11,130/veh.
