: Next question is from Binay Singh from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Binay Singh: Two questions. Firstly, when we look at the ASPs of the business with the Brezza top-end variant selling
and the Grand Vitara coming in. Clearly, the business is going in a very different manner. Actually, the
first question is when we look at the business, Maruti seems to be at a very interesting point that your
Brezza top-end variant has strong bookings and even in Grand Vitara, you have a sizable hybrid order
book. So, my question is on the hybrid side, how to think of profitability for that segment for Maruti? It's
very clear that the ASP jump will be quite sizable that the business will see. But how to think of
profitability because it's a Toyota technology, Toyota is manufacturing the car. So, how to think of EBIT
per car or margins? Any indication you could give.
Page | 10
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 July 2022Rahul Bharti: Binay, we have to see it in a larger light and a slightly longer-term way. If a technology succeeds and
picks up volume, then automatically, economies of scale will pick up and the customers will be willing
to pay more for it. So, any new technology, whenever we have launched, we had kept a larger purpose
in mind. And along with that, we localize, we do cost reduction. We do innovations and improvisations,
and we achieve our desired margins. So, at the moment, we are far more focused and concerned about
the growth of this technology in India and the benefits that it will bring. And along the way, obviously,
if the volumes pick up, it will be healthy on bottom line also.
Binay Singh: And just linked to that, what percentage of Vitara portfolio would you aspire to come from strong
hybrids? Just trying to understand that how big of an opportunity is Maruti looking at this powertrain as
because your peers don't have this, right? So, it's a great decarbonization technology, which Maruti sort
of starting the journey with. Like what percentage of Grand Vitara would you sort of aspire that could
come from hybrid? What will be like a target percentage of hybrid?
Rahul Bharti: As of now, the bookings are about 45%.
Binay Singh: And is that above your expectations or that's broadly in line with what you are targeting for?
Rahul Bharti: The potential is good. But yes, we are happy to see this response.
Binay Singh: And my second question is on the sales promotion expense. Mr. Seth mentioned that they went up during
the quarter and that was a hit to margin. Could you talk a little bit about what parts of the portfolio saw
those increases? And now when we look at the coming quarters, we will see to like the launch costs will
also come in. So, do we directionally see them further rising from here on as a percentage of sales?
Ajay Seth: So, they are 2 different parts. Sales promotion really are the discounts that we offer, and discounts will
keep varying depending on the type of mix that you are selling and also depending on demand and supply
at any given point in time for each of the categories or models that you are selling. Overall discounts are
much lower than what they used to be typically a couple of years ago, and we have seen a significant
fall. But yes, quarter 4 wasRs. 11,000 or thereabouts. And this quarter, the average discount has gone up
by Rs. 1,500. And I mentioned, the reasons are largely to do with that of the mix or situation of a particular
market or particular territory where you have to offer some schemes. The second question that you asked
about launches etc. That is more of marketing cost. And marketing costs, obviously, will depend on what
promotions you are doing and what launches you are doing at a given point in time. Last year, typically,
we had virtually very negligible activity on marketing side. So, we had mentioned also in our earlier calls
that the marketing cost, obviously, will go up this year because of various launches and other promotions.
The physical conferences that we were not having earlier, we have started having now. So, all that will
count towards marketing expenses. So, there will be some increase. But hopefully if overall volumes go
up, then you will get that operating leverage also, which was not available last year.
