: Next question is from Raghunandhan N. L. from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.
Raghunandhan N. L.: A couple of questions. Firstly, on Grand Vitara. What are your thoughts on the acceptable pricing gap
between that of a mild hybrid and strong hybrid? Again, like trying to understand at what kind of price
gap customers will accept a strong hybrid as a substitute to diesel?
Rahul Bharti: So, the pricing is still not decided. And of course, we, like yourself, also have this curiosity and we are
studying the market. And at an appropriate time before sales, we will announce the pricing. Also, on a
larger view, if India has to decarbonize, there's a major advantage with strong hybrids because they do a
good fraction of the job of an EV and are many times more scalable. So, we can attack decarbonization
in a large way, it becomes scalable if we employ such technologies. I think it's a matter of time customers
will see the benefit and be willing to pay more for it.
Raghunandhan N. L.: Ajay san, if you can talk about what would be the current yen exposure? Would my understanding be
correct that yen payables would be high single-digit share as a percentage of revenue?
Ajay Seth: Yen exposure has significantly come down compared to earlier years because the yen exposure is only
in case of the component imports that we have from overseas. And the royalty now, as you know, is all
paid in rupees and not exposed to currency risk. So, our total exposure for that import, our total exposure
is close to about 3% of our net sales, which is significantly small compared to what it used to be earlier.
Raghunandhan N. L.: And indirect exposure, sir?
Ajay Seth: Indirect exposure would be slightly large. That will be in the vicinity of about JPY 85 billion for the full
year.
Page | 6
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 July 2022Raghunandhan N. L.: Just a clarification on what you said on the royalty side. I mean, the earlier commentary, I remember was
50-50 share of rupee and yen royalty. How is it currently, sir?
Rahul Bharti: No. Now we have attained total rupee exposure, the new formula totally.
Raghunandhan N. L.: Just a last question. On the other income side, there was the impact of the MTM losses. I mean, just
trying to understand if we have to look at future quarters, broadly, what could be the run rate?
Ajay Seth: So, the mark-to-market impact came this quarter because of a steep increase in the interest rates. And we
had, to some extent, corrected ourselves by taking a lower tenure papers, but we still were hit because
the interest rate increase was over 100 basis points, and that impacted the yields. We are hopeful, the
markets have already corrected to a large extent and built in the increases that are expected. If there is no
surprise other than this, then we should see a steady income during the remaining period. But yes, if there
is any surprise from bank by further increasing the rate than what is being expected in the market, then
there could possibly be some more mark-to-market impact. At this point in time, we don't think that there
should be any surprise by the Central Bank.
