
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abhishek Bhandari from Nomura.
Please go ahead.
Abhishek Bhandari
Thank you for the opportunity. Salil and Nilanjan, this quarter we had certain
unanticipated external events that led us to miss our guidance of 16% to 16.5%.
Specially, after we have upgraded at the end of Q3. Do you think you could have
considered issuing a profit warning citing results from beyond your control? Because
this time the miss seems to be fairly sudden and shocking in the fourth quarter?
Nilanjan Roy
No, I think when we see the full year, we said 16% and we are at 15.4%. And we said
21% margin, and we were at 21% as well. So, I am not sure what are you referencing
to.
Abhishek Bhandari
Nilanjan where I was coming from, we had raised the band at the end of Q3. We
signaled we possibly had better execution under control. Of course, things havechanged there a macro situation beyond our control and there were some
cancellations. So as a good practice.
Nilanjan Roy
This evolved during the quarter right. So the situation also has evolved during the
quarter, it is not as if suddenly on one day, we wake up and suddenly see that the
volumes are down. This is a situation during the quarter as well.
Abhishek Bhandari
Okay. The second question is, Salil, I think in the press conference, you mentioned
M&A could be an opportunity, where some of the global companies could consider
selling the captives. Do you foresee a meaningful deployment of capital for that
particular purpose this year? Are there enough number of such captive conversations
in your pipeline?
Salil Parekh
So, on M&A, I think we have, with a strong balance sheet, the ability to do something
small or medium or large. Today we look at many opportunities. We will see how
those fit in. There are various components to it, a strategic fit, valuations, which are
much more reasonable today, cultural fit of those companies and the ability for us to
integrate that in and so all of those we will keep in mind. And if it meets those points
for us, we will look at those opportunities.
Abhishek Bhandari
Thank you, Salil. And all the best.
