
Thanks, Rukmini. The next question is from Sethuraman NR from Reuters News.
Sethuraman NR
Good evening, gentlemen. So, the question is, this weak, I mean, the soft outlook, is it going
to drill down to your plans for hiring next year, as well as the increments and the variable pay?
That is one. And do you see a recovery period over the next few quarters? Like, I mean, one or
two quarters from where, you feel that the situation in North America will stabilize, or at least,
if you have a hint? Also, is the softness overall coming from North America, or you are seeing
pockets of softness from other regions as well, like Europe? And you also mentioned about the
Generative AI. So, I just want to know whether this is in association with Open AI, where you
have some stake, or how it's going to play?
Salil Parekh
I'll take the second one, which is on the softness. Nilanjan will come back on the first one. And
I'll also talk about Generative AI. So, firstly, our view today is from where we sit today, which
is sort of in the middle of April, as we look out to our financial year. We will see how the
economic environment, how the global environment evolves. It's not something that we have
a clear view of what it will look like for the full year. We have a good approach to building
what we consider our guidance, based on what work we have already got committed from
Page 16 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
clients, what we have seen from the past that's continuing and then what we typically see in
Q3, Q4, and in most years. So that's how we have built our guidance, and that's the approach.
I think on the geography, we do see, more impact in US and less in Europe. And that's in our
numbers. You see the growth in the full year or even in quarter is stronger in Europe than in
US, even though there is growth in both for the full year.
On Generative AI, with clients, we have many projects going on. We are working on the
Generative AI platform that the client has some interest in, where they have a preference. If
they don't have a preference, we have a certain set of recommendations that we have. We work
with both open-source platforms for clients, but also with platforms that they want, which could
be open sourced or proprietary platforms.
For our own work, we are working on open-source platforms today. And we have the ability
to work on any Generative AI platform, because we have our software development libraries,
and we can train them on that model.
Nilanjan Roy
On the first question, of course, as we build out the financial model for the year, we factor in
lateral hiring. We factor in attrition, the questions around the freshers in the pipeline. And
therefore, and of course, we have a margin guidance accordingly built in. So, this factors in
many of these things, including things like compensation, travel. So, the model actually puts
together all these various factors and has that flexibility to change each lever as per where the
year will progress.
