
Thank you. The next question is from Rukmini Rao from Fortune India.
Rukmini Rao
Salil, this is just an addition to what Shilpa asked on delayering of your leadership, your answer
essentially meant that you are not going to have the president structure anymore. Would that
be a fair inference, or do you plan to make changes again?
Salil Parekh
So, what we are doing is for the delivery organization, we have already put in place the new
team and the structure. We have rolled that out. We have a lot of people because we have, I
Page 14 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
think, a very good leadership team within the company. So, a lot of people are really energized
and excited with the new roles that they're already playing. On FS, we will be rolling that out
in the next few weeks.
Rukmini Rao
Okay. Nilanjan, also, if you can give us some understanding around the reduction in the free
cash flows?
Nilanjan Roy
No. So I think we had a very good quarter in terms of cash flow at $713 mn.
Rukmini Rao
On a year-on-year basis?
Nilanjan Roy
We had an 85% conversion of free cash. And I think as a percent of net profit, that's a very
good conversion because also you have investment into working capital. Last year was very
unique. We went above 100%, and the capex was low. We had other working capital benefits.
There were some delays because of COVID in terms of our payments, which we had got
benefits from governments on payments of taxes which came back this year. So otherwise,
85% is a very good ratio of conversion.
Rukmini Rao
Salil, also given that, the US macros look so weak and the commentary coming from various
quarters also has been the same. So, would that mean that for Indian IT services companies,
would there be opportunities to pick up, like, say, captives of non-core assets of, let's say, big
bankers, and are there M&A opportunities that will come out of this slowdown?
Salil Parekh
We are seeing very good opportunities in the M&A environment. And this is a good
environment. We have a very strong balance sheet, a very good way to deploy it. If we find a
Page 15 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
company or an entity that fits in strategically, but also culturally and we have a way of
integrating it, we will look at that.
Rukmini Rao
So, you are on the lookout?
Salil Parekh
Yes, we are -- but we are on the lookout at all times. But yes, this environment is a good
environment for finding it.
