
Thank you, our next question is from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak. Please
go ahead.
Kawaljeet Saluja
Yes, hi. I have a couple of questions. The first question is on the guidance once again.
Is it back ended or guidance that you've seen with growth through the course of the
year? And related question to the guidance is that given the deterioration in the macro
environment along with the huge miss in the 4Q, along with weak signings do you think
you have been watchful in your guidance for FY ‘24? You know, has the process been
tightened. Any thoughts on that would be welcome?
Salil ParekhHi, Kawal. This is Salil, on the revenue growth guidance, the thinking is really spread
over the four quarters. I'm not sure I would say it is front or back but it is based on what
we see in the large deals today. And also, in the pipeline that we have, where we do
have some mega deals in the pipeline. So, that gives some weightage to the guidance
given where those deals will come in the, later on in the year itself. The second one,
sorry, Kawal was, are we more conservative? Is that the point?
Kawaljeet Saluja
No, has the process of guidance have been tightened, or rather the forecasting process
has it been tightened given the magnitude of miss in your revenues in the quarter, which
obviously would have shocked you as well. You know, have you basically built-in
better cushion, greater cushion in your guidance for FY ‘24? Or is the process and the
underlying assumptions the way it used to be historically?
Salil Parekh
So we have tried to put in place what is changing or changing and uncertain economic
environment which where we saw some of these impacts. So, those factors have been
taken in as we build this guidance.
Kawaljeet Saluja
Okay and the second question that I had is on profitability. You know every company
would you know I mean want to operate at a certain base level of profitability. Now in
Infosys’s case, this profitability has been drifting down and the profitability guidance
is down to 20% to 22%, which is a new low. How should one think about the underlying
operating assumptions behind these deal wins you know, and the process of bidding for
large deals? And how does that tail in now with the underlying base of profitability
aspirations and rather assumption that you have? So how should one think about
structural profitability, if you may?
Nilanjan Roy
Hi, Kawal. Yes, so I think if you step back a bit into the last year and a half, I mean,
basically the whole chasing of this demand side, three compensation hikes in 15
months, stretch salaries- all that in a way has made our structure bit inefficient. And in
a way, part of that today is the reverse that you are sitting with 80% utilization whereasyou want to be at much higher levels and the pyramid is not as efficient because you
had to get talent from anywhere when the market was hot.
So, we have seen a lot of these sort of things during this period where we can identify
these pockets sub-con rising to 11.5%. So, we were clear that we had to go behind
getting the volumes in and we knew we had time to correct the margin structure. And
therefore, that is fundamentally what we still believe in. Our guidance is just today at a
midpoint at the end of the year at 21%. And we have enough flexibility guidance in this
between 20% to 22% and in-a-way 21% is just a midpoint of that. To take care of firstly
of course there may be some headwinds coming because of compensation, there could
be something on travel. But at the same time you have levers of improving our
utilization at 80%, really which is probably on the lowest I have seen. We have other
opportunities of improving the pyramid, because the higher bench comes with a double
whammy of course. One is you have the ideal cost of the bench and at the same time
you have a very rich pyramid.
So the moment you start moving freshers into the pyramids, you get a double benefit
of cost that, the idle cost goes away from the bench and your quality of the pyramid
improves on the production side. So you are sitting on in fact two inefficiencies now.
These are the levers we start using, pricing etc, still going on, maybe conversations,
how we built in COLA (cost of living adjustments). So, our aspiration continues to be
that we continue to look at improving margins from where we are. The guidance is just
a reflection of the flexibility in this uncertain year and we have ended at 21% as you
saw consistently during the last year as well.
Kawaljeet Saluja
Sorry to interrupt you Nilanjan there, see uncertainty might be there on revenue but on
cost, there are only tailwinds and there are a number of tailwinds that you listed out and
I presume that the labor market is also cooled off, so why bring down the lower end of
the band actually?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so I think also some is that many some of these levers will take time to put in
because it is a different situation of how much room you have to deploy levers whenyou are growing at 10% versus when you are going at 4% to 7%. So, for instance you
have fresher, how fast can you deploy them, when you are growing at 4% is at a
different pace versus what you were deploying at 7% versus what you were deploying
at 10%.
So, all that will still weigh into the structure. It is not that you can immediately say, I'm
going to overnight change my utilization from 80% to 85% or shift the onsite offshore
because in a way a slower volume regime has that overhang on how fast can we deploy.
But like I said, when we started, that we are sitting on these inefficiencies which are
very visible to us. And we know we can deploy many of these levers which we have to
continue to aspire for higher margin profiles.
Kawaljeet Saluja
Okay, got that. Thank you so much.
