
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Surendra Goyal from Citigroup. Please
go ahead.
Surendra Goyal
Hi good evening. So my first question was on the revenue guidance. Just wanted to
confirm that the guidance is all organic in nature?
Salil Parekh
Yes, the guidance is all organic.Surendra Goyal
And second question is on margins for Nilanjan. So, while I understand that your
guidance is always annual. But how do you really think about medium-term margins,
right? So the common question we have been getting from investors, given the direction
of margins is can it be 18% a couple of years down the line. So, I know you can't
quantify it, but just wanted to understand how you guys think about medium-term
margins?
Nilanjan Roy
We have explained it earlier in the question to Kawal as well. If you have to step back
and you see during this period of COVID, for us to go after in a very talent constrained
environment, the impact on the cost structure of the company all across- per capita cost
went up, with a combination of compensation stretches, pyramids got skewed,
basically, fundamentally, you were going behind these large deals. We don’t have time
to really optimize on all these levers, subcon at a record 11.3%. All these inefficiencies
we saw, but like we have continuously said during that period that we knew that we had
to go and grab that volume, and we would have enough time to subsequently as we start
unwinding those inefficiencies and this is a cost optimization program we run
throughout That is where we still think these inefficiency still exists across- utilization
is a classic one, we're sitting today at 80%, as we mentioned and it is got a double
whammy on cost, like I mentioned earlier. So, these are things we will continue to target
on and aspire to improve our margins, and 20% to 22% really gives us that flexibility
and 21% just happens to be the midpoint where we ended the year.
Surendra Goyal
Sure, I get the annual guidance. My question was more medium-term because in good
demand scenario, margins go down because of supply side issues and in bad demand
scenario, possibly, they go down because of either pricing or whatever other reasons.
So maybe, I'll just take it offline.
