
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pankaj Kapoor from CLSA. Please go
ahead.
Pankaj Kapoor
Thanks for the opportunity. Nilanjan just continuing on Kawaljeet's question around
margins, two things. One, what kind of a time frame are you looking at for this year's
wage hike? Are you sticking to first quarter? And what kind of a quantum are you
expecting? What kind of a margin impact will you foresee of that? Will it be similar to
last year, or do you think this could be lower this year?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so this will be continuously evaluated. We have built in, like I mentioned, into our
guidance, the compensation. And we will take the decision during the year as we're
looking at the market context, to competitive context, so no decision has been taken as
yet.
Pankaj KapoorSo the hike may not happen in the first quarter, is that what you are saying?
Nilanjan Roy
At this moment, no decision has been taken for the hike.
Pankaj Kapoor
Understood. And at the lower end of the guidance, are you keeping a buffer for some
kind of a potential pricing pressure that might come in during the course of the year? Is
that the headwind which you see as the major one, when you are guiding for a 20%
margin?
Nilanjan Roy
No, I don't think, specifically on pricing. I think it is just that we are at 21% and the
midpoint between 20% to 22%, just happens to be 21%. And like I said, there may be
some headwinds and maybe some tailwinds. And of course the aspiration will continue
to do better than our margins as well. So nothing specific like that in terms of pricing
contingency or something.
Pankaj Kapoor
Okay. And Salil, if I look at the net new deal wins, probably this was the lowest since
we had from the start of the pandemic. I mean, was this mainly due to clients delaying
decisions on deal awards, towards the last 30 days? And are you building any
conversion of this to get to that 7% at the upper end of the guidance?
Salil Parekh
So there, one of the things we have seen in the pipeline is a slowing in decision making.
So, large deals are staying in the pipeline longer. Having said that, the net new or even
the quantum of large deals as we discussed in the past, there is always volatility. These
are only deals over $50 mn and not everything. It is not a full booking value. And so
we have always seen that volatility in the past. We think, it is the large deal pipeline
that we have today, which happens to be a very large pipeline and some mega deals in
it. We have the ability to drive to our growth guidance as we run through the year.Pankaj Kapoor
So just to clarify at an upper end of the guidance, we are expecting some of those mega
deals to convert during the course of the year?
Salil Parekh
I would not be so specific in that to say what it is based on. We do have a large pipeline
with mega deals and we anticipate that some of those will allow us to get to the higher
band of the guidance.
Pankaj Kapoor
Understood. Thank you.
