
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. Our first question is from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal from HSBC.
Please go ahead.
Yogesh Aggarwal
Yes, hi, good evening, couple of questions. Firstly, while the quarter was weak, the
guidance at the upper end still looks very solid when we just mathematically look at the
sequential build up from here. So, is that 7% based on some macro pickup or is it what
you see today 7% is possible? And related to that, Salil, in general, the demand and the
growth picked up post-COVID. So are we back to pre-COVID growth rate of 5%, 6%,7% or FY '24 is one-off? And we can see a pickup from FY '25. And then I have a
follow-up, please.
Salil Parekh
Hi, Yogesh, this is Salil. I didn't catch the second one. I'll go with the first question,
then you can just repeat the second one. On the guidance, what we have built it with
today is, what we see with the deals we have sold and the ongoing work that we have
and then put the range between 4% and 7%. There are different scenarios in which
different things happen. We have widened the band to three points given the uncertainty
in the environment. We also have a very strong large deal pipeline with some mega
deals in the pipeline. Of course, these are always binary. But given the strength of the
pipeline, we believe that there is, ways that we can achieve the high end of the band of
guidance.
Yogesh Aggarwal
Got it. So, I was asking, the second question was 4% to 7% is almost going back to pre-
COVID growth rate. So, is it like the new normal again or we can expect some pick up
again from FY '25? That is one. And also, Salil, I wanted to ask you on the recent
management exits. Just recently, you had two Presidents and COO. Now all three are
not there for whatever reasons. So, has it impacted the business by any chance? And
what is the new structure? Are you going to replace them or is it in, the new structure
doesn't need Presidents and COO.
Salil Parekh
So, on the first one, as of course, we don't provide a view or a guidance beyond this
financial year. Underlying the way we see the business, we see two growth drivers. And
we are well positioned on both in terms of capabilities and track record. One is on digital
transformation, comprising of cloud and other elements and one is on cost efficiency,
automation and an additional element, which is on consolidation that comes in through
that.
We see both of those drivers working. We have seen a reduction in the digital
transformation work today. We see more in the cost and efficiency and consolidation
play today. But going through and depending on where the client is, what the
environment is, we feel comfortable for both of those drivers to work over time.In terms of the structure, we have put in place a structure for the delivery organization,
which is already rolled out. And in the next few weeks, we'll roll out the new structure
for our FS team. So, we feel good with the leadership pool that we have within the
company, who are moving up to take a broader role and a larger role, and that they will
step up and deliver what we are driving to.
Yogesh Aggarwal
Very helpful. Thank you so much Salil.
