: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pramod Amthe from InCred Capital. Please go ahead.
Pramod Amthe: The first question is with regard to the sourcing from Toyota, so there have been some talks about capacity
expansion of 30% happening there. Will it also benefit your sourcing of products from there, any thoughts?
Rahul Bharti: So, of course, since there is a constraint, so we are negotiating all the time. And if there is any increase we will
let you know.
Pramod Amthe: And the second question is with regard to the expansion plans which you are planning, it seems to be pretty
aggressive as compared to what initially you thought. And since this is happening more from internal accruals,
any thought in terms of your dividend payout policy in the period going up to commissioning of this capacity?
Rahul Bharti: So, I hope you know this time we had the highest ever dividend per share.
Pramod Amthe: Yes, but we were looking for the payout, right, what you ultimately earn and you give out. So, because the last
time the payout policy was announced when Suzuki setup the plant, to give that comfort, so just wanted to get
directionally, how are you guys looking at managing the resource?
Rahul Bharti: So, you know, of course, as you rightly mentioned most of the CAPEX on new capacity can be met through
internal accruals and hopefully it should happen through positive free cash flows. So, the dividend question
always remains with us.
And the last word, on technology, the auto industry is going through a major transformation, it’s not just
technology, its business models also. So, many areas where we might need investment we are watching, but you
would have noticed a calibrated increase trend in the dividends also.
9 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 26 April 2023Pramod Amthe: And the last question is with regards to a couple of new initiatives, which you have taken in terms of the new
way of financing the vehicles or to that extent the digital sourcing. Any update in terms of what’s being the
benefit of that on the sales? What proportion you have been able to source there?
Ajay Seth: See the market place that we have been using for financing, I think that’s been a very good, it has been welcome
by the customers, because they get a platform where they are able to get the best rates, given the credit profiles.
And we have seen a significant uptake in terms of increase in the penetration through that portal.
So, all these digitization initiatives that have been going on in the marketing are really paying off and this is one
of them in terms of giving them a platform where they can compete, financiers can compete for offering the best
rates to our customer with their credit profiles. And I think it significantly increased from when we started, and
virtually all banks are now participating in it.
