: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call of Maruti Suzuki India
Limited.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal
an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav Ambaprasad. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Pranav Ambaprasad: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon once again. May I introduce you to the Management Team from Maruti
Suzuki. Today we have with us our CFO – Mr. Ajay Seth; from Corporate we have Executive Director (Corporate
Planning & Government Affairs) – Mr. Rahul Bharti; and General Manager (Corporate Strategy & Investor
Relations) – Mr. Nikhil Vyas; from Finance; we have Executive Director – Mr. Pradeep Garg; and Vice President
– Mr. Dinesh Gandhi. The con call will begin with a brief statement on the performance and outlook of our
business by Mr. Seth, after which we will be happy to receive your questions.
May I remind you of the Safe Harbor, we may be making some forward-looking statements that have to be
understood in conjunction with the uncertainty and the risks that the Company faces. I would also like to inform
you that the call is being recorded and the audio recording and the transcript will be available at our website.
You may please note that in case of any inadvertent error during this live audio call, the transcript will be provided
with the corrected information.
I would now like to invite our CFO, Mr. Seth. Over to you, sir.
Ajay Seth: Good afternoon, Ladies and Gentlemen,
In its 40th anniversary year, despite the shortage of electronic components, the Company recorded its highest-
ever annual sales volume. The annual turnover of the Company surpassed Rupees ONE LAKH crore mark.
Financial year 2022-23 was also an action-packed year for the Company. It worked on multiple fronts. Among
other things, it introduced three new models, four product refreshers, one of the world’s best Strong Hybrid
Electric technology, six-speed automatic transmission technology, and a host of new-age technology features.
Additionally, the Company extended the CNG powertrain to six models, ensured that its entire portfolio complied
with new regulations/norms, started construction of a new manufacturing facility, demonstrated an electric
vehicle concept, enhanced its manufacturing flexibility to accommodate market fluctuations, maximised the
production volume amidst shortage of electronic components, and expanded the digitalisation drive.
The Company strengthened its product portfolio in the SUV segment with the launch of Brezza and Grand Vitara,
thereby increasing its market share in this segment. Moving forward, with Jimny and Fronx, the SUV product
portfolio of the Company will be further strengthened. With this, the Company aims to secure a leadership
position in the SUV segment.
The Brezza and the flagship SUV Grand Vitara garnered strong bookings since their introduction. The
phenomenal success of Brezza and Grand Vitara stands as the testimony of Company’s ability to command a
larger volume in higher-price segment vehicles. The Company believes in offering products and technologies
that are relevant to the Indian market context. Through extensive market research, the Company gathered that in
2 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 26 April 2023the high-priced vehicle segment, customers prefer feature-loaded vehicles. The Company offered a flurry of
classy features in these new models, which added to their excellent acceptance.
Driven by new model launches, product refreshers, introduction of the Strong Hybrid powertrain, and the
expansion of the portfolio of CNG-powered models, the Company’s new model activity saw a multi-fold increase
during the year. On the product regulations, phase-2 of Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) norms were
mandated from 1st April 2022. The Company undertook relevant modifications in products and powertrains to
ensure compliance with BSVI (phase-2) norms and to make all the models compatible with E20 fuel. Given the
Company's wider portfolio, comprising 16 models and over 100 variants, carrying out regulatory compliances is
not only resource intensive but also extremely challenging. The Company, with meticulous planning and in close
collaboration with various stakeholders ensured timely compliance.
The new models and product refreshers introduced during the year specially in Utility Vehicles (UVs) segment
received good market response. However, the shortage of electronic components restrained the ability of the
Company to fully serve market demand. The Company could not produce about 170,000 units due to shortage
of electronic components during the year.
To expand production capacity, the construction of a new manufacturing facility in Kharkhoda, Haryana has
started. A plant with a capacity of 250,000 vehicles per annum is to be commissioned within the year 2025.
In addition, in light of the estimated market demand including exports, the board today in principally approved
the creation of additional capacity of upto one million vehicles per year.
Now, coming to the financial results, of Quarter 4 (January-March), FY2022-23
The Company sold a total of 514,927 vehicles during the Quarter, higher by 5.3% compared to the same period
previous year.
In the Quarter, the sales in the domestic market stood at 450,208 units, up by 7.1% over that in Q4 of last year.
The sales in the export market were at 64,719 units as compared to 68,454 units in Q4 of previous year.
During the Quarter, the Company registered Net Sales of INR 308,218 million, an increase of 20.8% compared
to the same period, the previous year.
The Operating Profit for the Quarter stood at INR 26,111 million, a growth of 46.7% over that of Q4 of previous
financial year on account of higher sales volume, improved realization from the market, and favourable forex
movement.
Net profit for the Quarter stood at INR 26,236 million, higher by 42.7% compared to the same period previous
year.
Coming to the Full Year (April-March, FY2022-23), the Company sold a total of 1,966,164 vehicles during the
year. This translated to a growth of 19% over previous financial year. In the previous financial year the sales of
vehicle was 1,652,653 units. Sales volume in the year comprised 1,706,831 units in the domestic market and
highest-ever exports of 259,333 units.
3 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 26 April 2023During the period, the Company registered Net Sales of INR 1,125,008 million compared with INR 837,981
million in FY2021-22.
The Company recorded an Operating Profit of INR 81,844 million in FY2022-23 as against INR 29,147 million
in FY2021-22. The Company was able to better its operating profit on account of higher sales volume, improved
realization from the market, and favourable forex movement.
With this, the Net Profit for the year rose to INR 80,492 million, which is the highest-ever. The Net Profit in
FY2021-22 was at INR 37,663 million.
The Board of Directors recommended highest-ever dividend of INR 90 per share (face value of INR 5 per share)
compared to INR 60 per share in FY 2021-22.
We are now ready to take your questions, feedback and any other observations that you may have. Thank you.
