: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line
of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Kapil Singh: I wanted to understand the volume outlook for next year, both from demand and supply side. And particularly
from a supply bottleneck point of view if you could talk in terms of what are the factors that are causing these,
are these specific to some vendors of powertrain for Maruti Suzuki or is it an industry wide issue. And how do
you plan on addressing them so that we can achieve that ahead of industry growth that we are expecting?
Rahul Bharti: So, Kapil for FY2023-24, the industry body SIAM estimates passenger vehicle industry to grow between 5% -
7%. Maruti Suzuki should grow well beyond this. So, we will be better than industry.
Kapil Singh: Yes, basically we have seen strong demand even in the current year, but we missed out because of the supply
bottleneck. So, what I am trying to understand is, are these bottlenecks specific to some powertrains or vendors
for Maruti Suzuki or is it an industry wide issue and how do you plan to address them in the next year?
Rahul Bharti: Yes, I am fully with you. We feel the loss of production because of supply side bottlenecks, semiconductors. The
problem is a global one and it is due to a combination of factors such as a particular supplier, a particular plant,
a particular country, a particular design of a model. So, basis the combination it could affect different models,
different manufacturers, different modules of the car differently. All our efforts are to organize supplies through
multiple sources. We are also doing depopulation for example if there is a particular semiconductor in a particular
variant of a model which is superfluous, which is not required, sometimes because of commonization you keep
it. We are removing all such semiconductors. So that our consumption is the minimum. All those efforts are
going in including negotiations at global scales. However, we are still vulnerable to supply side bottlenecks.
Kapil Singh: And the second question was on cost and margins. If you could just talk about, we are seeing some increase in
raw material to sales (ratio) this quarter so if you could talk us through in terms of what were the factors that
impacted this, how are the discounts for the quarter and what is the outlook for next year?
Ajay Seth: Discounts during the quarter (Q4 FY2022-23) was at INR 13,269 per vehicle, they were lower than the 3rd Quarter
(Q3 FY2022-23) and they were slightly higher than Q4 previous year (Q4 FY2021-22) was at INR 11,130 per
vehicle. Q3 FY2022-23 was higher at INR 18,291 per vehicle. So, the raw material to net sales (ratio) is a
combination of many factors. The proportion of sales of products manufactured both at SMG and at Toyota has
4 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 26 April 2023gone up. There the concept of transfer pricing works, fixed cost of theirs’ is loaded on to the material cost. So,
while you are seeing absolute profits have gone up, as a percentage there will be slight change. Because if that
proportion of products from SMG and Toyota is higher, then of course the load of overheads also goes into the
material cost due to the transfer price. So, that is the main reason.
But other than that, the raw material prices have pretty much remained constant and there has not been any
significant change. Discounts have in fact come down compared to the 3rd Quarter. And foreign exchange rates
also have been stable, in fact Yen was at 140 per USD in the 2nd Quarter, it is now slightly deteriorated to about
132-134 per USD, so there would be some impact of the foreign exchange as well, but not significant. So, I think
these are the factors that have resulted in the ratio that you see as it reflects in the quarterly account and full year
accounts.
