: Thank you. The next question is from Raghunandan NL from Nuvama Institution Research. Please go ahead.
Raghunandan NL: My first question was on precious metal they form more than 5% of your RM cost, and in last two months
Rhodium, Palladium seems to have taken a fall of anywhere between 10% to 30%, just wanted your thoughts on
how are you seeing the commodity basket going forward.
Ajay Seth: So, commodity is a mix bag. As you have said that some of the precious metals have corrected, the impact comes
with a lag effect. So, as we mentioned there is a quarter lag in the impact that’s captured. But there are certain
other commodities which have also see an uptick. So, it’s a combination of all that you would have to see, but
yes you are right, Rhodium and Palladium have seen some correction from the levels that they were at.
I think for us the biggest commodity still remains as steel, where we have been told by our supply chain team
that moving forward, they are seeing some increase in prices given that demand is picking up now. So, that’s
something that we need to watch because half of the commodity basket is steel, and the balance half is the other
commodities. So, I think it’s a combination of all, so the impact of this, if any will be captured in the Q1 FY2023-
24, but it will have to be seen along with all other commodities put together.
Raghunandan NL: For FY'23 if you could give some color in terms of customer mix how has it been for rural versus urban, first
time buyer, additional buyer and replacement buyer, how has that changed, which segments are doing well?
Rahul Bharti: So, the first-time buyers is about at 42% and it’s fairly consistent with the past; replacement buyer at 21%,
additional car in the family is 37% and rural continues to be strong.
Raghunandan NL: So, share of replacement has gone up?
Rahul Bharti: Yes, marginally gone up from 19% to 21%.
Raghunandan NL: And going forward, which customer categories you expect to do better?
Rahul Bharti: Of course, the larger shift is the move towards premium cars, towards SUVs. So, SUVs are now a large part of
the overall market, I think we are at 43% and this may increase further. So, there is clearly a shift towards SUVs.
7 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 26 April 2023And fortunately, we have also launched a number of very exciting products in this segment. So, that is the biggest
trend that we are seeing as of now.
Raghunandan NL: Just to clarify, I was trying to ask in first-time, replacement and additional buyer, how do you see the trend going
forward, that’s the last question from my end.
Rahul Bharti: So, the first-time buyers continue to be under some kind of pressure while the replacement and additional buyers
can see an upward trend.
