: The next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Amyn Pirani: My question was on this capacity announcement and the CAPEX numbers. I think this year you spent around
INR 6,000 crore and it seems from some press releases, from the press comments its INR 8,000 crore for next
year and there is a talk of a million capacity. So, this million capacity will be coming in the same place where
you are doing the 250,000 units/annum Haryana and what would be the timeline for that?
Rahul Bharti: No. The 250,000 units/annum in Haryana is the first plant in the Kharkhoda site, district Sonipat. And Kharkhoda
site has room for four such plants going up to one million. What the Board approved today in principle was one
million in addition to what we have in Kharkhoda. But it is at a preliminary stage, this is an in-principle approval,
more groundwork needs to be done. Where, how, what, at what cost all that needs to be done.
Amyn Pirani: And would it be fair to say that the 1.3 million that you mentioned that you have in Gurgaon and Manesar remains
at that or does this new one million also mean that this 1.3 million could also have some reduction especially in
Gurgaon where you are already you know I mean almost in the middle of the city.
Rahul Bharti: I understand what you are saying. In fact, Manesar will go up by one lakh in the next Financial Year 2024-25
because in the intermediate we will need more capacity to serve market demand. And a lot of this picture will
emerge as time progresses, so in the next 2-5 years depending upon how the market grows, we might have to
follow a reactive strategy and keep adjusting ourselves to this. Having said that, we cannot say that Gurgaon will
reduce as of now, it depends on the market.
Amyn Pirani: And just lastly, can you confirm the INR 8,000 crore CAPEX number and what it would be spent on, for next
year that’s all from my side.
Ajay Seth: Yes, INR 8,000 crore is the CAPEX number for next year, and I think there is this Kharkhoda investment that’s
going to happen, there will be also investment in new models, new projects. There is also the regular expenditure
on the annual maintenance of all the CAPEX that we have. So, it’s a combination of all this. But I think the
majority of this is towards the new Kharkhoda plant.
