:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Saurabh:
Sir, a question on the corporate and the SME growth. You have grown the corporate
portfolio by about 8.0% quarter-on-quarter and about 16.0% quarter-on-quarter in SME
segment. Could you just comment on the quality of the book you are originating in the
corporate segment and how do you see the ROA profile of these loans? So, that's one. The
second is essentially on the international book. Where do you think the overseas net
Page 24 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
interest margin can go? Or should we just assume it to be flattish from this level going
forward?
Rakesh Jha:
On the corporate portfolio, the growth that we are seeing is largely from the new business
that we have done during the quarter and is predominantly from clients rated A-minus and
above internally. It is a mix of short-term and long-term lending that we have done during
the quarter and about half of it would have been short-term in nature, meaning less than
one-year maturity, balance would have been longer term loans. These longer term loans
are all floating rate loans. On pricing, when the credit is good, pricing is always competitive.
For us, the cost of deposits is also pretty low, you have seen during the quarter also the
cost of deposits has come down. So, this lending is not looked at as a standalone lending.
In almost all the cases it is looked at from a client profitability point of view. So, what we
track for each of the clients is the client level return on equity and that is something where
we are happy with the numbers that we have. Of course, there is a lot more that we can do
to improve. We have seen good amount of growth on the transaction banking side, FX and
the current account deposits during the quarter and year on year. A lot of that has come
from the corporate clients. So, on an overall basis, Saurabh, we are comfortable with the
returns which are there. But, yes, the markets are very competitive. So, we get to look at
all the deals where we believe it would make sense for the bank, from a return perspective.
Sometimes from a liquidity deployment perspective, we go ahead with those transactions.
So, that is how we have looked at it.
On the SME, business banking, I think, if you look at the last couple of years, we have been
growing quite well. I think the moratorium tested the portfolio and it has come out pretty
well. These are portfolios where our market shares are generally lower than what we have
on an average. There is a lot more that we can do. There is a lot of synergy outcome that
we have seen as we do more and more of this business through our branches. We have
talked about all the digital initiatives that we have taken during our Analyst Day. We have
made the process, the underwriting and all of that, much more decongested. So, I think all
of that is contributing to this growth. Again, if we go back to last year, this was the growth
trend which was there for these portfolios.
Page 25 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
On the overseas margins, Saurabh, difficult to say. I think, you should just assume it would
be around the level where it is now. Because we will not be doing corporate lending there
and actually doing a lot of trade finance, loan against FD or those kinds of businesses where
the margins will be lower and the capital deployed will be lower. Overall, the book has now
come down to about 6.0%- 6.5% of total loans. So, it's difficult to give further guidance on
the margin per se. That's not a specific focus area for us to be able to project that.
