:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jai Mundra from B&K Securities. Please
go ahead.
Jai Mundra:
Thanks for the detailed disclosure. If I were to look at the proforma GNPA number of Rs.
82 billion, this is just the net number, right? So, the slippages for the quarter should be Rs.
82 billion plus Rs. 18 billion of recoveries plus Rs. 27 billion of write-off? Is that the right
way to look at it?
Rakesh Jha:
No, that's not right. So, the table that we have on Slide 26, if you have it in front of you, we
have given the movement in NPA based on the reported NPA as per the current guidelines
of RBI and not classifying accounts which are more than 90 days overdue as NPA. So, the
total reported gross addition is Rs. 4.71 billion. That is the gross addition which has nothing
Page 17 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
to do with recoveries and write-offs. So, in addition to that Rs. 4.71 billion, we also had Rs.
82.80 billion of loans which were overdue for more than Rs. 90 days on December 31, 2020
and we did not classify them as NPAs because of the Supreme Court ruling. The
corresponding number to the Rs. 82.80 billion number at September 30, 2020 was Rs. 14.10
billion. So there was a Rs. 68.70 billion increase in the 90-day overdue, which we were not
able to classify during the quarter. So, the Rs. 68.70 billion plus the Rs. 4.71 billion, that’s
Rs. 73 billion, would reflect as the gross addition that you are looking at. Then you would
have had the recoveries of Rs. 17.76 billion and write-offs and all of that. So, that is how
one has to look at it. And this Rs. 82.80 billion, again just to clarify, this is loans which are
at a borrower level outstanding for more than 90 days. So, if a borrower has two or three
accounts, even if only one account is more than 90 days overdue, all the accounts are
categorized as proforma NPA in this number.
Jai Mundra:
Right. In Q2, the closing balance was Rs. 404 billion, plus, let us say Rs. 72 billion, minus
recovery and write-off, that comes to Rs. 431 billion. So I think that is clear that way.
Rakesh Jha:
Yes.
Jai Mundra:
And second question is on BB and below book. Now, we have been carrying this book for
so many quarters. I think in the last six months this was further tested and probably only a
small portion has asked for restructuring. So, how should one look at the riskiness of this
book going forward? Or would it be too early to sort of comment there?
Rakesh Jha:
As I have said earlier, it is below investment grade for us. So, by definition, this is relatively
higher risk and ideally we would want it to be zero, but in banking business that can never
be zero. So, I think the level at which it is right now, it's not a number that we over-worry
about. If you look at the Rs. 180 billion, out of that, Rs. 44 billion is non-fund based
outstanding to NPAs. So it's not really BB and below, it's non-fund based outstanding to
NPAs, on which we already hold provision of about Rs. 14 billion and we disclose that
Page 18 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
number on a quarter-on-quarter basis. If you remove that, the rest of it is Rs. 135 billion. A
lot of it is granular, Rs. 40 billion is to borrowers with outstanding less than Rs. 1 billion.
So, as a part of the overall portfolio, you will always have some amount of BB and below.
And we call out the larger exposures. We have four accounts which are larger than Rs. 6
billion within this BB and below, out of which one is an account in construction sector that
has sought a restructuring. It got included in this quarter in the BB and below. There is one
non-fund based outstanding for a construction company which is already classified as NPA
and then there is one each in telecom and power where we have been getting the
payments. The telecom one is non-fund based and the power one is where we have been
getting payment but with some delays. It belongs to a large promoter group as well. So,
overall, of course, it's a risky book. I don't want to say we are comfortable, but that is the
colour of the book which we can give.
Jai Mundra:
Sure, sir. And just last clarification, the Rs. 17 billion restructuring requests which have
come from BB and below book, they are sitting at both, right? So if one were to add
restructuring and BB and below, this Rs. 17 billion of restructuring are actually part of BB
and below?
Rakesh Jha:
So, if you look at the position at December 31, 2020, you are right that Rs. 180 billion
already includes the corporate and SME restructuring request that has come, other than
one account, which is a lease rental discounting account, which is still investment grade.
The downgrades that we have seen during the quarter of Rs. 22 billion, that would include
a few cases which were investment grade and would have sought restructuring. But at the
end of December, the BB and below includes all the restructuring, barring one case.
