:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parmeshwaran S from Jeffries. Please go
ahead.
Prakhar:
Hi, this is Prakhar. And congratulations to all of you for being able to manage in such tough
times. Just a couple of things on the retail side, Rakesh. You did indicate the split of
slippages across retail and corporate on a proforma basis. Just to get a hunch, would it be
fair to assess like your peer group in this quarter, the unsecured slippages would have
been elevated much more. So, peers have seen something like 4% to 5% of the unsecured
book slip into NPL, hopefully it normalizes. So, would it be fair to assume that the numbers
would be somewhere in that handle or probably even lower because we have been fairly
conservative on the lending side?
Rakesh Jha:
So, Prakhar, actually in a response to an earlier query in terms of how the numbers are, I
think we have seen slippages across the portfolio, like, on the secured side also we have
seen slippages to be there. For example, on mortgages, the instalment amounts are large,
so at times customers are not able to make those payments. I think we have to just see
Page 21 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
over the next few months how it kind of eventually plays out. But we have seen it's not that
unsecured is a very disproportionate contribution to the gross NPA additions. We have
seen additions on the secured side also. And again, like I said, when we had done our
analysis, we were assuming that on the secured side also we would see slippages. For
example, in car loans, the proportion of salaried customers are generally lower, so we
would have had some slippages coming from that portfolio. Mortgages, I said, the EMI
levels are higher, so people take some more time to kind of become current as well. It is
spread across portfolio and it is in line with our expectation. In some of the portfolios, like
rural, business banking, SME, corporate, it is better than what we would have estimated.
Prakhar:
Sure. So, just a connected question on this one. Now that the portfolio has broadly
behaved well and within your expectations, it's great to see that last quarter you didn't
make any provisions, from now on you have the comfort to start digging into it. So, would
it be fair to also assume that, from a strategy perspective you don't need to really make any
material changes in terms of new client acquisitions and the level of leverage you have,
etc., on the retail loans? Would that be a fair assessment?
Rakesh Jha:
Yes. I think the fact that the growth that you are seeing across portfolios on the retail side,
business banking, SME, corporate, that reflects the comfort and the confidence that we
have in terms of the framework that we have for underwriting. So, there we are pretty
comfortable. Of course, we have tightened some of the parameters based on the current
environment. The entire focus is to ensure that we get a set of customers who we are
comfortable with in terms of return of capital and that's the philosophy across all portfolios.
Prakhar:
And just one last question. The credit card part, nice improvement and probably supported
by the festive lending or usage. Has the level of revolvers come down in this period or are
they different in some other way because there is a lot of pay later stuff that is happening
in the market. So, would the proportion of revolver be stable as it used to be? Or would it
have moved a little more than usual?
Page 22 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
Rakesh Jha:
I don’t think in a period of three months much changes. I think the growth that you see on
the credit card book, please look at it in the context that in the festive season, in the
December quarter, every year that growth is there. So, indeed it has grown by 10% this
quarter, but it would have been similar to last year December over September. So, there
is nothing different there.
