:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahesh from Kotak Securities. Please go
ahead.
Mahesh:
Rakesh, just a few clarifications in the presentation. On slide 28 which you have given, what
is the provisions available to you which is outside the proforma numbers? Is it Rs. 64.75
billion and Rs. 13.97 billion? Is that correct?
Rakesh Jha:
The Rs. 35.09 billion rupees is the provision that we hold against the pro forma NPAs which
is 82.80 billion rupees, against which we cannot take an NPA provision. Rs. 64.75 billion
rupees is the balance COVID related provision which is against the entire other portfolio.
During the quarter, the movement has been that we have taken about Rs. 30.00 billion
provision on the proforma NPAs. So the provision of Rs. 4.97 billion on proforma NPAs at
September 30, 2020 has become Rs. 35.09 billion and we utilized Rs. 18.00 billion from the
other COVID provisions. So, Rs. 82.75 billion has come down by Rs. 18.00 billion. Is that
clear, Mahesh?
Mahesh:
Yes. If I remember, last quarter you had indicated that the ECLGS was at Rs. 160 billion
rupees. This quarter you have kind of indicated Rs. 120 billion.
Rakesh Jha:
The Rs. 120 billion is the disbursements made till date. Rs. 160 billion was the sanctioned
amount.
Mahesh:
Okay. So, the sanction still remains at Rs. 160.00 billion or has that gone up this quarter?
Rakesh Jha:
I don’t have that number right away, Mahesh.
Page 28 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
Mahesh:
Okay. No issues. I just need one clarification on slide 60. At September-end, you had a
gross retail NPA of Rs. 92.63 billion and at December-end it was Rs. 68.88 billion. So, the
difference between the two essentially represents the upgradation and write-offs?
Rakesh Jha:
Yes, because to the Rs. 92.53 billion rupees we have added Rs. 4.71 billion only. So rest of
it will be the upgrades and the write-offs.
Mahesh:
So, now if I just move from Rs. 92.60 billion at September-end to Rs. 144.09 billion at
December-end and I just do the back calculation again based on the initial numbers which
I said, it shows that the slippages in the retail book should have been about 75 billion
rupees, almost indicating that there were no slippages in the corporate side. I am saying
there will be a few aberrations in the numbers, but is that logic correct?
Rakesh Jha:
We have given you the movement, Mahesh, that will just tell you the numbers actually. So,
if you look at it, we have given the break of reported gross NPA additions of Rs. 4.71 billion
in terms of retail and corporate. We have also given the breakup of Rs. 82.80 billion in terms
of retail and corporate. So, of the Rs. 4.71 billion, Rs. 3.94 billion rupees is retail. Of the Rs.
82.80 billion, about Rs. 75.00 billion rupees is retail. So, indeed, most of the slippage during
the quarter, as expected, has come from the retail side. So, right.
Mahesh:
Perfect. And last question to Anup. On the housing portfolio specifically, this massive shift
that you are seeing today, is it because of, refinancing which is happening or is it new
loans? Also, has the portfolio yield correction completely taken place in your books? That’s
it. Thanks.
Page 29 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
Anup Bagchi:
So, first, let me take the portfolio yield correction. I think broadly, yield correction has
happened, because everybody has put out so much of advertisements that even if you
were putting shades and glares you will see it. I don't think there is anybody who has not
seen that the rates have come down. I think everybody has seen. Certainly there is some
element of balance transfer, but not much, because everybody is matching the rates. So,
if you are giving it to new customers, why will you not hold on to your portfolio by
correcting it. So, that is the second thing that by and large people hold on to their portfolio.
Certainly, there is a demand in the market. We are also seeing a shift in shares because of
our processes, better distribution and better analytics of our own customers who have
taken loans from others and engagement levels are much better. So, I would say that partly
demand, a little bit of balance transfer, certainly not a majority or anything like that and a
large part because of our distribution process. Because we are seeing that the gap is
decreasing, otherwise it would have been a parallel stuff with everybody else. So, shares
are increasing.
