:
Thank you. The next question is from Abhishek Murarka from IIFL Securities. Please go
ahead.
Abhishek Murarka:
Congratulations for a great performance this quarter. So, most of my questions have
actually been answered. Just sort of a small data point. So, this debit card trend that you
show on Slide 21, there is quite a bit of a drop in the number of cards in the last quarter. Is
there anything particular in terms of trend that you see there? I mean, anything to read into
it. How do we understand this drop? Because it follows a number of quarters of increase.
Rakesh Jha:
So, last quarter some removal of inactive cards would have happened, nothing more to
read there.
Anup Bagchi:
But in general, Abhishek, just to give you some sense on the payment landscape that is
happening. Very clearly UPI is coming up. It will first cannibalise debit card and credit card
Page 33 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
is a separate animal because you get credit free period. So, that is coming up. Credit card
in its physical format is getting replaced by card not present transactions as e-commerce
is going up. So, payment system landscape is moving. The good thing for banks like us is
that, while everybody talks about other PSPs, the fact is that all those transactions also go
through the bank at the backend. So, if someone says that we have got Rs. 100 million
transactions happening through us, we should also, by corollary, understand that Rs. 100
million is also going through the banks. So, it is now up to us to input that data also in our
underwriting and in profiling and make sure that we are able to utilise it better. I would also
go on to the extent to say that many of them may not have fully utilised use cases. Banking
system has use cases, because you can lend to them and you can cross-sell to them with
that data.
So, I would say that the data quality and the throughput of the data is certainly helping in
understanding the client in a much deeper way. That also certainly is one of the drivers of
our higher disbursement. It also helps us in pre-underwriting cases and that is increasing.
So with data analytics it does have an impact on the way you underwrite, the speed at
which you can underwrite and take to the transaction and reduce in a way cost of
acquisition. I think we are in a decent position. It helps us in liabilities and assets and it
helps in cross-sell. So, data, whoever utilises, will have a better chance.
Abhishek Murarka:
Sure. And Anup, just a quick follow-up on the growth question. I know you said that most
of the pent up demand is now already in, so how do we look at this 7% Q-o-Q? I mean,
what part of this would be a normalised kind of growth number?
Anup Bagchi:
No, it is very, very difficult to say actually. This pent up also we don't know, who knows
when demand falls off. I will only say, Abhishek, that our market share is low. So, we have
headroom to grow. I would fall back more on market share rather than the demand coming
up. Of course, if there is demand, it is easier to grow, as you know. It is difficult to see what
is pent up. For example, stamp duty reduction, work from home and other factors are
leading to demand for housing. If we look at our ticket sizes which are moving, that is also
increasing. We were looking at our own data on salary, if you look at the number of people
who are filing income taxes and if you look at the gradation of that on the salaries very
Page 34 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
clearly you can compute what kind of ticket sizes will move on housing and what kind of
ticket sizes will move on auto and then if you have good micro market data, which we have,
then you can allocate your resources, attention and energy to that and get some shares.
So, in general, that's the format that we are pursuing. We have been reasonably successful
so far. I feel that if we continue, we will gain market shares as well. So, that is how I will
put it, Abhishek.
