:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Shukla from Citigroup. Please go
ahead.
Manish Shukla:
On the ECLGS disbursement of about 120 billion rupees, how much would have been
under the SME segment and how much will the retail segment, the way you report it for
your loan book?
Rakesh Jha:
So, if you look at SME, business banking, I think both put together would have been about
one-third of the ECLGS disbursements and the balance would have been across the rest of
the retail portfolio.
Manish Shukla:
Okay. The other question is that on the retail book for the last two quarters you have had
fairly phenomenal growth. In the previous quarter the sequential growth was about 6.0%.
During this quarter it is almost 7.0%. Just wanted to understand, I mean, what are the
challenges in your view to sustain this kind of pace of growth because you have amongst
the largest retail balance sheets in the country?
Rakesh Jha:
Here again, the Bank is not very focused on a particular number of growth, per se. I think
the opportunity is there. As we have seen, at least in the last few months, the economy has
been recovering, there has been demand. If the demand sustains and from our point of
view the pricing is appropriate, the customer profitability is appropriate, we believe we are
Page 26 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
very well-positioned to grow. We have talked about all that we have done on the process
of underwriting, on the digital enablement, especially in the mortgages. So, from a growth
point of view, we would be happy to grow as long as it meets our return criteria. On the
risk part of it, we are very clear in terms of what we want to underwrite and what we don't
want to underwrite. We have also started looking at customers on a 360-degree basis. So,
as we drive some of these business through our ecosystems. For example, we have seen
a very good amount of growth coming in from the corporate ecosystem, the corporate
salary accounts that we have, we have had a lot more focus on the liabilities there, we are
also doing a lot more on lending there. All of this, we believe, are things that we can do
without taking any undue risk or diluting our returns. Of course, in the near-term liquidity
surplus is there, you can see in our balance sheet also we are sitting with significant surplus
liquidity. LCR is 140%-150%. So, some of it on pricing and all will always be a tactical call
also in the near-term. But from a growth point of view, that is how we look at it. There is
no specific number that we are chasing on retail or on corporate side.
Anup Bagchi:
Also I will add, Rakesh, that we track our shares in each of our micro markets. They are
quite low in some, I mean, they are below 5% actually for these businesses. Because of
ecosystems, 360-degree banking, there is a lot more colour we have on underwriting. We
have enabled and empowered our branches quite a bit. So, I agree with Rakesh that there
is a headroom for us to grow in these markets. In fact, across most products we have
headroom to grow. Because if you look at our market share, compared to the potential that
we have, I must say that we have not done justice to the potential that we have. We should
do more justice to the potential that is there in the market.
Manish Shukla:
Sure, just one clarification. When you say that you expect FY2022 to be a normalised year
on credit cost, do you think it will be closer to your medium-term target of provisions to
PPOP what you have articulated in the past?
Rakesh Jha:
Yes. So about 25.0% of core operating profit is what we would be looking at as a number,
and that would translate to 1.2-1.3% of average loans.
Page 27 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
