:
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.
Nitin Agarwal:
So, the question is on the credit card segment. We have shown a very strong growth in
cards spends. If you can share some light on how the revolve rates are trending in this
business now?
Anup Bagchi:
On the credit card, there are sort of a couple of things that we are doing which is leading
to slightly better growth. One is on the retail segment itself. We are doing much more
intense activity on the portfolio in the sense that what are the customer behaviours, where
are they behaving and whatever spends we have to do on activation or spends that we
have to do on rewards and other things, we are ensuring that every rupee that we are
spending, it is matching with the customer behaviour or what we think will be the customer
behaviour so that the return on those investments are good. We don't see it as expenses,
we are actually seeing it as return on investments, from every rupee invested how much
return is going to come. Second, we also had good help from Amazon as you know. The
portfolio risk is very little, the spends are very high and the quality of customers is also
very high. The third one, there is a nice portfolio that is getting built up on the commercial
cards. So, these are the three big drivers that are happening. We saw that in the first wave
and then second wave, the revolver rate actually came down a little bit and now it is again
Page 15 of 28coming up. We'll have to see how it pans out during the third wave. But indeed, the
revolver did come down and people did get conservative on that. So, as of now this is the
situation of cards. We are now seeing that the impact of the third wave is not very large.
The spends during the festive season and were very strong. After this wave gets over, I
think it will be back to where we were and life will be good.
Nitin Agarwal:
So, we are not very far from the pre-COVID levels of revolve rate, this is what we can take
away?
Anup Bagchi:
From a consumer behaviour perspective, all I can say is that whenever there is a stress or
fear the revolve rate actually comes down and not goes up, and customers don't sort of
revolve that much, but as there is normalcy, as consumers get more confident the revolve
rate actually goes up.
Nitin Agarwal:
Second question is on the recoveries that we had during the quarter. What has actually
driven this because this has enabled like a pretty sharp reduction in our credit cost, it has
come down to 1% annualised for the quarter. So, has this like undershot in terms of the
1% number this quarter or how do we look at this trajectory going ahead?
Anup Bagchi:
I will just respond on the retail side and then hand it over to Rakesh. We have been sharing
with you a lot of work that we are doing on the pre-delinquency management. On the pre-
delinquency management, there is a lot of data that we have such as which are the
customers that are most likely to bounce and where you should collect and if there is an
overdue, which are the sectors, which are the profiles of the customers with higher
chances of recovery due to presence of cash flows. So, we are able to allocate our energy
and resources towards collections efficiently and that has really helped us and we are
improving those models by the day. With more data, the machine learns more and the
pre-delinquency management get better. That has certainly contributed a lot to our
recoveries. Because at this point of time, if there is cash which is coming with the
customers, depending on who reaches first, they get repaid. As the stress in the economy
Page 16 of 28comes down, of course, everybody will get repaid. But when there is a stress in the
economy and you are going for collection, it is important that if there is one call to be
made, which is a customer, where you have the highest probability of collection, the call
should go there. So, on the retail side essentially, those are the recoveries. Also, as for us,
we have always been maintaining that the consumer behaviour is that it goes overdue, but
it comes back. So, there are two reasons why customers go overdue, one is because of
their own cash flow stress, the second one sometimes once in a while is on account of
intent. Our experience is that the intent percentage is really very low. All customers want
to pay back and when they want to pay back, we have seen that there is a cashflow
mismatch. So, partly you can give them restructuring. If you think that it is only a temporary
loss of income, and they are going to come back, and you also do pre-delinquency
management and collections, data analytics that you have done so that you are able to
allocate your resources well for collections. So, that has certainly given us the flip. On the
balance part, I just request Rakesh to elaborate.
Rakesh Jha:
As Anup talked about the reasons for the higher level of deletions that we have seen from
the NPA portfolio, I think overall in terms of credit cost through the cycle, we have talked
about 25% of our core operating profit as the number. So, near term, of course, it will
depend on how things pan out. We don't want to give any specific guidance on the credit
cost per se, but in second quarter, we had said that second half, we do expect the level of
gross additions to come down from what we have seen in the first half, specifically the first
quarter, and the trend has been in line with that.
Nitin Agarwal:
And this level of credit cost, we have reported after making how much of restructured
provisions, it's almost like Rs. 5 billion, am I right?
Rakesh Jha:
Yes, Rs. 4.5 billion.
Nitin Agarwal:
That amounts to only 15% of core operating this quarter then.
Page 17 of 28Rakesh Jha:
So, in that sense, actually, this quarter, we have made two provisions. One is the
restructured provisions that you refer to, which was about Rs. 4.5 billion. We have also
taken some provision on our security receipts, another about Rs. 4.5 billion on a prudent
basis. So, those two additional provisions we have taken.
