:
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from line of
Mahrukh Adajania from Elara Capital. Please go ahead.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Congratulations. My first question is on fee. The fee growth has been very strong for the
second consecutive quarter. Would cards be the biggest delta? Would there be any risk to
card fees in the near to medium term?
Rakesh Jha:
The fee growth that we have seen has been strong across various segments such as retail
assets, credit cards, payments, wholesale banking, small businesses and SME. We have
seen an overall growth across businesses and across products as well. Cards is of course
an important part of our overall fees and it will continue to be so.
Mahrukh Adajania:
But any near term or medium term risk that you see to the strength in fee income from
credit cards or any other products but mainly from cards?
Rakesh Jha:
Nothing specific per se. I think there are definitely some industry trends in terms of lower
penal charges and late payment fees. But overall, we don't see any specific worry. Of
course, we have to keep track of regulatory changes or market changes. So, that is very
difficult to predict. Otherwise, I think across segments, we have been seeing a reasonably
good growth in fee revenues.
Mahrukh Adajania:
My second question is on operating expenses. So, you did give out the tech spends for
the first nine months. But just in non-employee operating expenses especially, what is the
biggest driver in Q3-2022? Would it be collections, growth or tech related?
Page 12 of 28Rakesh Jha:
So, actually in Q3 there is always a higher amount of advertisement and promotion and all
expenses linked to the festive season. So, every time you will see from Q2 to Q3 the
sequential increase, the larger part comes from there. In addition to that, we would have
seen an increase in the technology expenses. We have been purchasing priority sector
lending certificates, so that cost would have also gone up. So, these are the costs which
would have gone up for us.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Just again in terms of technology spends, 8% of opex would be 3% of your net revenue
for the first nine months on an annualised basis whereas there are some international
banks who want to spend 8% to 9% of their revenues on tech in FY2022. So, what would
your future tech spends be? Will it match up to the international banks as in, not 8% to
9%, but will it have to move up substantially or you think that most of the high cost
investments are already in the bay?
Rakesh Jha:
It's a continuing journey on technology and digital and expenses as we expand our
offerings. If you look at the last few years, I think we have always cited that within
expenses, technology has been one of the expenses that have been growing at a faster
pace than the overall expenses. So, this is 8% of operating expenses, if you go back three
years, it would have definitely been a lower number. We will see some increase in that
proportion, but of course, we are not looking at 3% of revenues going up to 9% or 10%. I
think that's a completely different cost base which is there, completely different
infrastructure setup which is there. So, those numbers may not be comparable for the
Indian banks.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Last question on treasury income. Excluding gains from sale of shares in ICICI Securities,
the treasury income is negative, right? It had happened also probably in Q4-2021. So,
what's the accounting there?
Page 13 of 28Rakesh Jha:
The gain from sale of shares in ICICI Securities was last year Q3 because we had to meet
that minimum public shareholding requirements.
