:
The next question is from the line of Aakriti Kakkar from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Rahul Jain:
Hi. I am Rahul. Just a couple of questions, actually, more product related. Mortgages have
been growing nicely in the last few quarters. So, just wanted to understand, there's been
Page 23 of 28clearly a compression on yields and given where the yields are, how are you thinking about
it in terms of making money on this product? This question actually is not only about
mortgages, but also in terms of the cross-sell opportunities that are available thorugh the
mortgage customers. So, just wanted to understand how you are see that playing out
because growth has been strong and the pricing.
Rakesh Jha:
So, pricing on the mortgage side, is always competitive. I think we are very clear that we
don't want to be price leaders in any of the segments including mortgages. But, if we see
the market rates where they are, we would be happy to be at par because, indeed, it's a
sticky product, you acquire good long term value customers. We are happy to match the
lending rates that are there. It's not that we will go and do our entire business at the
headline rates which are there. We look at the portfolio, we look at the risk and we kind of
work out what are the yields that will work for us from a portfolio perspective. We also
factor in the overall customer profitability, not just from the mortgage business. At times,
we also look at the mortgage plus the loan against property business in aggregate to see
where our overall returns are. The good thing with the mortgage book is that all of this is
floating rate linked to repo rate. So, at some stage as the funding costs go up, those yields
will also kind of go up, but there can definitely be a lag between that happening. We will
continue to focus on the mortgage book and that is an important book for us to grow and
we will be competitive in terms of pricing there, though we will not be price leaders.
Rahul Jain:
Just a follow up question, the customer level profitability also, let's say over the last two
to three years, you all have been able to maintain that or that has also come under
pressure?
Rakesh Jha:
Actually, customer level profitability on the retail side that we look at, basically one has
bands of profitability and we track that very closely. The respective retail branches, the
zonal heads and we try and kind of move the customers up those profitability bands. There
it is definitely helpful when you are able to sell more products and services to the
customer. Now we have seen a slight uptick in deposit rates, so maybe the lowering of
mortgage rates will hopefully be behind us, but let's see.
Page 24 of 28Rahul Jain:
The other question actually was again going back to credit cards and just looking at your
slide 30. I think the spends market share has really picked up nicely, but the number of
cards is like in a particular band of 17% to 18%, so, does it mean that the spends Anup
talked about, the partnership with Amazon has been pretty good? So, cards have become
more productive given the spends per card, the market share gain over there is much
higher. So, just trying to understand, what explains the sharp pick up in the market share
on spends versus the number of cards? How much more traction would there be on a go-
forward basis?
Anup Bagchi:
As I said earlier, there are three drivers. There is normal retail where sharper portfolio
management is driving the spends. With Amazon, the good thing is that the activation
rates are quick. So, if there is a card, the customers generally immediately start the spends.
Here, really the S curve is very steep. That is the second thing. And third is on the
commercial cards side, there is an improvement. So, these are the three drivers of card
spends. And they seem to be quite secular and customers are activating. I must also add
to what Rakesh was saying, overall, I think the dispensation of customers, because of
whatever is happening within our Bank and with the help of our brand, we are sensing that
customer propensity to also take our cards or come to us and do more business with us
is also increasing. Of course, while we are working hard, I must say that customers are
also tilting a bit towards us because of the brand and because of the positivity of the Bank
at this point of time.
Rahul Jain:
Then there are 2 million cards Amazon Pay cards, which is roughly 17% of the total cards
issued, if I'm not wrong. But, on spends, would it be a much higher number, like north of
20%, 25%?
Anup Bagchi:
The propensity of customers of Amazon card to spend more is higher.
Page 25 of 28Rahul Jain:
Rakesh, the write offs were pretty sharp this quarter. What explains this kind of write offs,
which product segment would have driven this?
Rakesh Jha:
There is no specific explanation per se, but indeed we have a high level of provisions
against the gross NPA and that's what we have written off. A fair bit of that will also be
against the retail NPAs. You would have seen the gross retail NPAs have also come down
in the December quarter over September quarter.
Rahul Jain:
No specific products across the board?
Rakesh Jha:
It is across retail products.
