
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please
go ahead.
Nitin Padmanabhan
Hi good evening, thanks for the opportunity. I wanted to ask on the client performance this
quarter. So I think most of the revenues have come from the non top 25 and top 25 has been
relatively soft. So just wanted your thoughts on, do you see that softness sort to continuing
and do you think the remaining can sort of hold up, so that is the first question. The second
one is I think over the past two years there were lot of smaller size deals that sort of was a
reasonable mix overall and that sort of led to faster velocity and deal conversion, deal to
revenue conversion. Do you think in the new sort of setup wherein it is more cost
optimization the deal to revenue conversions should slow down or there is no such thought
process there. Thank you.
Salil Parekh
I will start with the second one. In general at a higher level there is no big correlation
between the conversion of a deal to revenue. Sometimes there is an immediate large impact
because there is early transformation, sometime there is rapid transition and other time it is
more drawn out in the size, specifically large deals which is more than $50 million. So, there
is no real link to conversion like that which is you can correlate to something.
Nilanjan Roy
22I think the question was about the 25 clients they declined from 36.3% to 35.3%. I do not
think there is anything really impacted. But one thing to be kept in mind is there is a lot of
cross currency applicable during this time, so there could be clients in certain geographies
like Europe etc., who could be in the mix but nothing we have seen unusually in the top 25
slowing down or anything like that.
Nitin Padmanabhan
Sure fair enough. Just one last quick one from my end how big is the capital market for us
within the financial services piece because I thought that should normally be a cause for
concern but I have not heard that in any of the calls so far so just wanted your thoughts on the
same.
Salil Parekh
So we typically do not breakup the segment beyond what we have given in financial services.
We have a very good business in capital markets across the board. The whole financial
services has insurance, asset management and capital markets among other things.
Nitin Padmanabhan
But is there any slowness that you are seeing within that piece - that was not a call out at all,
so just curious.
Salil Parekh
So the ones we called out at this stage were related to what I shared earlier which was on
mortgages in financial services, parts of retail, high-tech and Telco.
Nitin Padmanabhan
Thank you so much and all the very best.
