
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go
ahead.
Kumar Rakesh
Good evening team and thank you for taking my question. My first question, Salil, can you
help us understand on the deal win side, so we have seen quite a sharp acceleration in deal
win especially in the new deal side, which has almost doubled both quarter-on-quarter and
YoY basis. At the same time, we are talking about some caution coming in at some of the
verticals and some of the clients taking more cautious stance. In that context, what is driving
the sharp increase in our new deals wins, is it that these discussions of caution are still at the
CXO level and we are yet to see the impact of that in the deal wins or these concerns are
getting compensated by a higher focus on the cost side?
Salil Parekh
Thanks Rakesh. The deal wins I think represent the strength that we have on both sides of the
capabilities - on digital and on core, automation. So what we have seen today is we have the
ability to be appropriate for clients depending on what macro they are facing and as the
overall macro evolves, we have both sides ready for that. There my sense is we have sort of
differentiation from our peers with this approach. We have also put a little bit more emphasis
within our pipeline to actively look at automation, cost deals with our clients, so that is
driving it. Having said that, it is also to be kept in mind that large deals are deals which are
over $50 million for us and we have always maintained that there is no sort of quarter-on-
quarter trend on this. It is more to look at for that quarter and that is also something to keep in
mind.
Kumar Rakesh
Got it. Thanks for that. Second question was for Nilanjan, you have talked about margin band
and margin coming closer to 21% and we have already been 21.5% in this quarter. So, that
effectively implies we are not expecting sequential margin improvement meaningfully from
here on and that is in the context when we are talking about supply side concerns have started
19easing and our subcontractor cost is also coming down. So, where do these two points meet
when the supply side issues are resolving, but we do not expect margin to expand from here
on this year?
Nilanjan Roy
First, we are at 20.7% for H1 and the guidance is 21% to 22%. We are also going into Q3, Q4
– seasonally weak quarters because of furloughs, lower working days and those straightaway
dropdown to margins. Yes, we are seeing some of the benefits which we are getting from
lower attrition figure, and all these basically play into the guidance which we have given for
the year.
Kumar Rakesh
Got it. Thank you that answers my question.
