
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jamie Friedman from Susquehanna. Please
go ahead.
Jamie Friedman
Again let me echo the congratulations on the robust results. I am sorry to come back to the
macro Salil but in the instance that there were recession, is that contemplated in the
guidance?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for your question. The way we look at it today is - the guidance is for our financial
year which is two more quarters, we have kept in mind what we have done in Q1 and Q2 and
a very strong large deals number that we had in Q2 with 54% net new. We have also kept in
mind the seasonality which all of you know, for example in Q3 there will be some impact
13with furloughs and typically Infosys has more seasonality in Q3 and Q4. And then we built in
what we see today of the macro environment specifically those industry segments that I
talked about where we see some of the slowing. Keeping all that in mind we built this
guidance for the revenue growth given where we are, that is what we factored into the
guidance update.
Jamie Friedman
In terms of the potential transition from transformational work to cost containment, you are
obviously very well positioned for both, is there a gross profit or margin difference for the
same quantum of work like dollar transformation versus a dollar or cost containment, how do
we think about the margin implications from that transition?
Salil Parekh
As you pointed out, we see growths today in both of these engines which is a huge positive
for Infosys, it is something where we are very differentiated from many of our peers. The
margin profile is not so much differentiated on the type of work, there are different scenarios
in the margin profile, for example, depending on the scale of the entire industry, the
geography, in general we will see that at aggregate level, so aggregate cost program,
aggregate transformation programs we will have similar margin outlook. So we do not
consider today that pivot itself has any positive or negative impact on margin. However, as
Nilanjan was pointing out we have a very strong internal cost program which he and the team
has put in place and that will continue to give us benefit in either of the scenarios.
Jamie Friedman
Thank you so much. I will join back in the queue.
