
Thank you. The next question is from line Reuters News, Sethuraman.
Sethuraman
Good evening, Sir. I just wanted to know, was there any standout deal or closure this quarter?
Would you be able to help me with your benchmark for the large deal? Just wanted to know
whether there were multiple sized chunk of deals? And also wanted to know about where there
14any smaller deals because you do not normally give out details on the smaller ones? Also, last
minute buy back announcement and the open market buying looks like a bit of a pressure from
the market, in terms of, I just wanted to know, was there any pressure? Because normally, you
consider buyback when you come out with earnings announcement, so this was the last
moment, so, was there any delay or any consideration about that? And lastly, is there any
reorganization going on in the company with Mr. Ravi Kumar’s exit? Will the backfill happen
for the president role? Are you looking at anything? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
I will start with the first one. I think on large deals. We had 27 large deals. So, for us, large
deals are deals which are more than $50 million in value, and so it is a very significant size of
a deal. We do not give out any specific deal information. To give you a sense, there are 27.
That number can then give you a sense, given the overall value of the large deals. On the
buybacks, let me start and Nilanjan might want to add. We have a very well-defined capital
allocation policy. We have followed all of the reviews internally and externally on that. We
feel no unusual activity, whatever sort of phrase you use, it was a well-informed decision by
the board, and we think it is going to be a huge positive because we have a capital return
approach through this policy and Nilanjan can add a little bit on that in a second. On Ravi, first:
Ravi is a good friend. I wish him all the best in his new endeavors. Infosys has incredible
leadership talent in my mind. So over time we will make sure that all of the activities are in the
best interest of the clients, the employees, and the company.
Nilanjan Roy
Our capital allocation is very predictable. We said 85%. In fact, last year we had given 73%.
So, I think if we have to catch up to 85%, buyback was the most natural way to do it. So, I do
not think there is any pressure and that is the beauty of our policy. It is so predictable.
