
23Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities.
Please go ahead.
Sandeep Shah
Thanks for the opportunity. So the ask rate to achieve the guidance is 0 to 1.2% in the next
two quarters which looks softer despite a strong deal wins, also we are talking about more
cost optimization deal coming along with the digital deals. So, is it a client specific issue or is
it higher than abnormal furloughs are we factoring or this is more a conservative way of
looking at things because of the higher macro issue in the second half and I have a follow up
which I will ask later.
Salil Parekh
So there first what we are seeing typically as you know the Q3 has furlough - we have not
estimated anything higher or lower, we have essentially had a sort of a similar estimate to
previous year. We typically have more seasonality for us in the past year in both Q3 and Q4
so that is what we have estimated. And then for the macro what I shared earlier is the sort of
color that we put as we were developing the guidance and then we factored in the large deal.
So, there is no additional view to say whether it is conservative or not conservative, if those
factors are taken into account to develop the guidance.
Sandeep Shah
The follow-up is the question to Nilanjan. So if I look at we are implying a EBIT margin
guidance of 21.3% in the second half versus 21.5% in the second quarter, this is a QoQ
decline versus Nilanjan your first quarter comment was into Q3, Q4 we may see a QoQ
increase in the margins and the way we are in terms of the utilization as well as likelihood of
lower subcontracting cost, likelihood of lower pass through cost is it fair to say again on
margin we are conservative or there are some additional cost headwind which we should be
aware about.
Nilanjan Roy
24No I do not think it is conservative. I think we are realistic in our margin projections. We see
certain headwinds, we see some impact of furloughs, some of the attrition impact will come,
some of that will be in sub-cons etc. With the seasonality of the volume, we do not have
growth as a lever really in terms of operating leverage. So SG&A for instance is where we
think we have some operating leverage. So, these are multiple things and that is all factored
into the figure that we have given for our H2 and full year.
Sandeep Shah
Just last thing on the variable pay it looks like in the first quarter we might have paid 70%.
How was the variable pay payment in the second quarter, is it a headwind or a tailwind on a
QoQ basis.
Salil Parekh
So on variable pay we do not share that number externally as you know. We will come back
with what we do from an internal basis when we disclose it internally.
Sandeep Shah
Thanks and all the best.
