Salil Parekh
Thanks, Rishi. Good afternoon and welcome. It is always good to have all of you here on the
campus and I am sure you are also enjoying being back in person and being at our campus, so
thank you for being here.
Our Q2 performance was strong with year-on-year growth at 18.8% and sequential at 4% in
constant currency. Growth in Q2 was broad-based with all industries and geographies growing
in double digits in constant currency. This momentum is accompanied by a strong pipeline of
large deals and the highest large deal value in the last seven quarters at $2.7 bn, 54% of this is
net new.
These elements are a clear reflection of the deeply differentiated digital and cloud capabilities
we have developed, that are highly relevant to our client’s strategic priorities.
Our digital revenues are now 61.8% of our overall revenue and they grew at 31.2% in the
quarter in constant currency terms. While digital continues to see strong growth rates, we are
seeing in this quarter acceleration in the growth trajectory of our core services. This is due to
our industry leading-automation capabilities and reflects an interest among clients towards cost
optimization programs. We also see this in our large deal pipeline with strong focus on cost
reduction programs, in addition to the digital transformation programs in the pipeline.
While we generally do not share the specific amount of our cloud revenue, we are delighted to
share that in Q2, our cloud revenue was larger than $1 bn showing tremendous strength of our
cloud services, especially our industry-leading Cobalt capability. A strong growth was
accompanied by an operating margin expansion of 150 basis points, where we had an operating
margin in the quarter of 21.5%. This stems from cost efficiencies, optimization in large deals,
and currency benefits.
3Our attrition has been decreasing now for three quarters on a quarterly annualized basis,
including now in Q2 and we see this trend along a downward trajectory.
In keeping with our capital allocation policy, the board has announced a share buyback of
Rs.9,300 crore and an interim dividend of approximately Rs.6,940 crore.
With that, let me open it up for questions. Rishi, over to you.
