
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Infosys Limited’s Earnings Conference
Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0”
on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand
the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you Sir!
Sandeep Mahindroo
Thanks Inba. Hello everyone and welcome to Infosys Earnings Call to discuss Q2 FY23
financial results. This is Sandeep from the Investor Relations team in Bangalore. Joining us
today on this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Nilanjan Roy and other
members of the senior management team. We will start the call with some remarks on the
performance of the company by Salil and Nilanjan, subsequent to which we will open up the
call for questions.
Kindly note that anything that we say that refers to our outlook for the future is a forward-
looking statement, which must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company faces.
A full statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which
can be found on www.sec.gov.
I would now like to pass on the call to Salil.
Salil Parekh
Thanks Sandeep. Good afternoon, good evening, and good morning to everyone joining the
call and thank you for joining our call.
Our Q2 performance was strong with year-on-year growth at 18.8% and sequential growth at
4.0% in constant currency. Growth in Q2 was broad based with all industries and geographies
growing in double-digits in constant currency.
3Growth in constant currency in the first half of FY2023 was 20.1%, compared to the first half
of FY22. This momentum is accompanied by a strong pipeline of large deals and the highest
large deal value in the last seven quarters of $2.7 bn, 54% of this was net new. These
elements are a clear reflection of the deeply differentiated digital and cloud capabilities we
have developed that are highly relevant to our client’s strategic priorities.
Our digital revenues are at 61.8% of our overall revenue and grew 31.2% in the quarter in
constant currency terms. While digital continues to see some strong growth rates, we are
seeing acceleration in growth trajectory of our core services this quarter. This is due to our
industry leading automation capabilities and reflects an interest among clients towards cost
optimization programmes. We also see this in our large deal pipeline with strong focus on
cost reduction programmes.
While we do not generally share the specific amount of our cloud revenue, we are delighted
to share that in Q2 our cloud revenue was larger than $1 bn showing tremendous strength of
our cloud services, especially our industry leading Cobalt capabilities.
Several examples of client transformation demonstrate the value we deliver –
- A European telecommunication company is closely engaging with us to accelerate
their business growth and prepare for a digital future.
- An aviation giant is working with us to digitally advance the engineering of the
product development and emerging aircraft programmes.
- A fast-growing logistics company is working with us to secure the cloud environment
and build greater resilience into their operations.
These examples and several others showcase our commitment to deliver value for our clients
and the trust and confidence in our expanding digital capabilities.
Strong growth this quarter was accompanied by operating margin expansion of 150 basis
points. The operating margin for the quarter was 21.5%. This was because of cost efficiency,
optimization in large deals and currency benefits. Nilanjan will provide more colour on this.
Our H1 operating margins are 20.7%.
4Our attrition has now been decreasing for the past three quarters including this Q2 on a
quarterly annualized basis.
While the overall demand environment continued to be healthy as reflected in broad-based
growth and robust large deal pipeline, we also see signs of cautious behavior by clients due to
macro concerns. Apart from slowness in the mortgage segment of financial services and the
retail industry segment we talked about last quarter, we see emerging concerns in high-tech
and telecom industry segments in the form of reduced spend especially towards discretionary
programmes. We are well positioned to help our clients with their digital agenda and their
cost agenda. Growth in our digital and core services demonstrate that. As the macro
environment evolves, both of these components of our business will help us to be
appropriately positioned with our clients.
We have initiated a pivot to focused cost programmes within our large deal pipeline. Our
operating model and offerings are agile to deliver value for clients in this evolving macro
environment.
In keeping with capital allocation policy, the Board has announced a share buyback of `9,300
Crores or $1.13 bn and an interim dividend of approximately `6,940 Crores or $850 mn.
Our H1 performance of 20.1% growth in constant currency and robust large deal signings in
Q2 give us the confidence to change our revenue growth guidance, which was at 14% to 16%
earlier to 15% to 16%, even as we are seeing emerging concerns that we talked about earlier.
Our ability to grow at strong rate and take market share gain is a clear validation of the
relevance, depth and breadth of our service offerings and deep client relationships. We
change our operating margin guidance for FY2023, only for this year to 21% to 22%, which
was earlier 21% to 23%. We anticipate, we will be at the lower end of this range.
With that let me request Nilanjan to share other updates.
Nilanjan Roy
Thanks Salil. Good evening everyone and thank you for joining this call.
5Q2 revenues grew by 18.8% year-on-year and 4% sequentially in constant currency terms.
All business segments and geos grew in double digit year-on-year in constant currency.
Specifically, North America grew by 15.6%, Europe by 28.5%, Manufacturing by 45%,
EURS by 24.3%, Communication by 18.4%, and Retail by 15.4%.
Digital revenues constitute 61.8% of total revenues and grew by 31.2% year-on-year in
constant currency. Revenue growth was 20.1% in constant currency terms in H1 2023 over
H1 2022.
Client metrics remained strong with year-on-year increases in client count across revenue
buckets. Number of $50 mn clients increased by 15 to 77, while number of $100 mn clients
increased by 4 to 39. Number of $300 mn clients increased to 5 from 2 in the Q2 last year
reflecting our strong ability to mine top clients by providing them multiple services.
Employee count increased by approximately 10,000 to 345,000. Utilization excluding
trainees was 83.6%. Onsite effort mix remained flattish at 24.4%. Quarterly annualized
voluntary attrition came down further by another 2.5% during the quarter. This is also starting
to reflect in reduction in our LTM attrition numbers which reduced to 27.1% compared to
28.4% in Q1. We expect attrition to reduce further in the coming quarters.
Q2 operating margin stood at 21.5%, an increase of 150 basis points QoQ. The major
components of QoQ margin movements were as follows:
- The margin tailwinds of 70 basis points comprising of rupee depreciation partially
offset by cross-currency,
- 90 basis points from cost optimization including large deal optimization, RPP
increase, etc., partially offset by lower utilization,
- 40 basis points from reduction in subcons spends,
- These were partly offset by headwinds of approximately 40 basis points from
compensation related increases and impact.
Q2 EPS grew by 11.5% in rupee terms on a year-on-year basis.
Our balance sheet continues to remain strong and debt free. Consolidated cash and
investments were $4.8 bn at the end of the quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter was $589
6mn implying conversion of 79% of net profits. Free cash flow generation is typically low in
Q2 due to higher tax payout in both India and the US. ROE increased by 1% year-on-year to
30.8%.
Yield on cash balances increased to 5.8% in Q2. DSO increased by 2 days sequentially to 65
reflecting higher billing done during the quarter.
Coming to segmental performance,
We signed 27 large deals in Q2 with a TCV of $2.74 bn with 54% net new. 5 large deals in
Financial Services, 4 each in Retail, Communication, Energy Utility Resources and Services
and Hi-Tech segments, 3 in Manufacturing, 2 in Life Sciences and 1 in Others verticals.
Region wise 18 in America, 6 in Europe, 1 in India and 2 in the Rest of the World.
Growth in Financial Services segment continues to be strong backed by large deal wins,
account expansion and new account opening. We continue to see acceleration in cloud
adoption in the FS sector and are working with many of our clients in cloud migration, cloud
management, and other cloud-related platform deals.
In Retail we are seeing focus on digital consumer engagements, supply chain transformation
initiatives; cost optimization, legacy modernization and new in-store capabilities. There are,
however, some pockets of slowdown in different cycles especially for fashion/apparel retail
and general merchandisers. We have a healthy mix of outsourcing and digital deals.
In Communication segment we are seeing healthy order pipeline and deal conversion, but we
expect cost pressures from client side with impact on budgets especially for traditional
services due to macroeconomic concerns.
Energy, Utility, Resources and Services segment reported robust and steady growth backed
by strong large deal wins. The cost take out initiatives continue to take momentum in the
vertical.
Manufacturing segment growth continues to remain strong and broad based along with steady
flow of new deals. We see continued tech spends by customers driven by the need to increase
7security posture, migration to cloud, increase the productivity by transforming to smart
factory, transitioning to smart products and other broader digital transformation initiatives.
In smaller verticals like Hi-Tech as well we are seeing some increasing cautiousness amongst
clients around discretionary spend and consequently, there have been some delays in deal
closure.
For digital services capabilities, in Q2 we have been ranked as leader in 19 ratings in the
areas of public cloud, tax, design experience, automation, and data and analytics.
We remain committed to maximizing our total shareholder returns and in line with the capital
allocation policy of returning 85% of free cash over the period, the Board has recommended
the following:
- an interim dividend of `16.50 per share for FY2023 versus `15 per share for FY22;
this is a 10% increase in dividend per share.
- Buyback of equity shares of up to `9300 Crores through open market route post
approval of shareholders at a maximum buyback price of `1,850.
We believe our progressive capital allocation policy continues to provide predictability to our
shareholders.
Although there is a gradual abatement of talent cost pressures, they continue to exert
pressures on the cost structures and hence will need to be countered by our various cost
optimization measures including rationalization of subcons, flattening of the pyramid,
increasing automation, reducing onsite mix and engage with clients to increase pricing.
While H1 growth was strong we expect H2 growth to be impacted due to seasonality
comprising of furloughs and lower working days. The revenue guidance for the year is
changed to 15% to 16%.
As we mentioned in the last quarter earnings call FY2023, operating margins would be at the
bottom end of the guidance band. We are now narrowing the guidance range to 21% to 22%
for FY2023 and we expect to be at the lower end of the range.
With that we can open the call for questions.
8