
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer
session. We will take our first question from the line of Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please
go ahead.
Ankur Rudra
Thank you and good evening. The first question is for Salil, you mentioned the
macroeconomic conditions, in that context could you elaborate how realistic or conservative
your guidance is for the second half and also what has been the nature of the client
conversations in the last month or so and have you seen any impact on the pipeline refill rate
in this period?
Salil Parekh
Thanks Ankur. On the guidance, I think what we saw was very strong large deals in Q2. We
had great growth in Q1 and Q2, we continue to see overall pipeline for large deals is quite
strong, in fact, it is larger than it was in the last couple of quarters. We also see the macro
points that I shared earlier, specifically mortgages in financial services, some aspects of retail
or hi-tech or telecom. So, keeping all that in mind we came with a view on the guidance
which was 14% to 16% earlier and now moving it to 15% to 16% which is the higher end of
that band.
The conversations with the clients we have seen for this quarter, our digital business has
grown over 30% and our core services have also grown. We see in our pipeline a good focus
on cost programs and on the growth programs. And, there are clients in different sectors at
different intensity looking at both of those, so the conversation depends more on the context
that the client is in. We feel that given these two engines that we have we are somewhat well
prepared for the evolving macro environment.
Ankur Rudra
Thank you. Nilanjan clearly great to see the margins back in the band and the extent of
margin recovery in the quarter. Could you elaborate if there were any special interventions
9that were taken that drove this change in the quarter or perhaps with respect to wage increases
or something else and if there is any one-offs within this? Thanks.
Nilanjan Roy
Ankur as we explained, I think our cost optimization engine continues to chug along well. I
think working on the pyramid, working on subcons - this was something which was very
apparent, you would have also seen the numbers QoQ. So I think it has been an overall
continued focus across and we have seen that benefit helping us. But for the year, as we know
we are still at 20.7% and we have a guidance of 21% to 22% and we said we will be at the
bottom end of that range, so we still have ways to go. Of course, this is going to continue -
the conversations on pricing, etc. with clients, like I mentioned in the earlier press conference
that our discounts definitely have come down. We continue to push our sales force on how to
go and approach clients on this. So, this is a long haul on pricing but at least the discussions
have started around this.
Ankur Rudra
Just one clarification in your margin breakup that you have highlighted before- the impact of
compensation increases seemed a bit light, is there any change in the compensation trajectory
over the next two or three quarters or if you do not mind may be elaborating that part a bit
more?
Nilanjan Roy
No, there was nothing. This is largely for the Q1 that we had the biggest impact, Q2 was
more for the mid senior level of folks so I do not think there is anything unusual in that.
Ankur Rudra
Appreciate it. Thank you and best of luck.
