
Thank you. The next question is from Chandra from Money Control.
Chandra
I just want to ask you about the net employee addition number. I mean it is usually a good lead
indicator of growth and that has come in at 10,000 I think which is what compared to 21,000
in the previous quarter. So, what does it say about the growth going ahead, I mean because on
the one hand you sound confident, but is this also a sign of caution? What are you hearing from
clients in conversation because other companies are saying at least in Europe, the discussion is
only about how they are going to manage the winter so if you can give us a sense on what you
are hearing from North America as well as Europe? For Nilanjan, a question on the margin
guidance, you know you have kind of tightened at the upper end at a time when supply side
challenges are coming down, again how should we read this? Are there growth constraints,
pricing constraints and if you can also tell us about why you are opting for a market buyback
for the second time because even the last time many shareholders felt it was a negative move
because it really does not benefit them so why are you opting for a market buyback? And one
question for HR head on moonlighting. Infosys sent out a missive to its employees on how they
should not two time, but if you can give us your views on moonlighting, thanks.
Salil Parekh
On the first question, I think 10,000 is a very strong net addition for us on top of the 20,000
that we had in the last quarter. Having said that, what we see with clients in the industries that
I was referring to before, for example mortgages in financial services, retail, or parts of hi-tech
8or telecom, we see more caution in the way that the buyers, the clients are looking at services.
We also see some impact on discretionary spending there. At the same time our pipeline is
extremely large, we had a very strong large deals number for this quarter. The way we are
looking at it is we are making sure that we support our clients as they are looking for their
growth/transformation programs and now more and more for their cost efficiency where we
are deploying our automation services and our pipeline has shown that there are more and more
of those types of activities as well. Our view is we are ready in this macro environment for all
types of client work - whether it focuses on digital and growth, whether it focuses on cost, and
yet we want to be careful that we are cognizant of what is going on with the macro environment
and make sure that we go into this watchfully so that is how we are seeing this progression
happen at this stage.
Nilanjan Roy
On the buyback, I think firstly we have a very predictable capital allocation policy which we
believe is really best in class. It is a five-year policy. From FY20 to FY24 we said we will
return 85% of our free cash flows so it is a very predictable policy. It has got a dividend element
on it and it has got a buyback and an option also to do special dividend and therefore we also
look at over this period how will our cash flows change and therefore how do we give back
money in terms of both dividends and buybacks or special dividend and therefore we also want
to see how much cash will be on the balance sheet. So, it is not about finishing our cash on day
one, so we pace all this out. And of course, one of the ways you can do it - is through a tender
offer or through an open market offer. For the last two we have done open market offers and
the board feels looking at our listings in the US, our regulatory concerns, and EPS accretion
that it could be better to go for an open market offer so they look at other considerations as well
and we decided to go for an open market. On the margin guidance, I just mentioned we are
20.7% at H1, and like we said, we are going to be at 21% to 22%, at the bottom of 21% so
mathematically we will have to be probably closer to 21.4% or something to even hit 21% so
we are looking at margin levers going ahead. As we talked about, there will be some abatement
from the attrition side, there will be on the same side headwinds because of furlough because
it is a seasonally weak quarter as you mentioned, so we will have some headwinds coming
from furlough and lower working days and which some of these we will try to offset through
9our cost optimization, etc., and therefore like we said that 21% to 24% is a narrow band which
we will be comfortable with for this year.
Salil Parekh
On moonlighting, let me address it. One of the things that our company is always focused on
is making sure that we have real attention to learning opportunities and general opportunities
for all of our employees and we have always encouraged our employees to have that sort of
mindset within the company. In fact, within the company, we have set up - over the last several
years not now, not last week over the last several years a platform which we call ‘Accelerate’
where employees can look at what we call internally - gig work, different projects outside of
their main work. On the average quarter, over 4000 people apply for this. About 600 are
selected so it is something that is active within the company. Now for gig opportunities in the
external environment, we support the aspirations of our employees to learn beyond their work.
We will support them to work on certain gig projects after the prior approval of their managers.
We are also developing more comprehensive policies for that while ensuring contractual and
confidentiality commitments are fully respected. However, to be clear we do not support dual
employment.
Chandra
(Inaudible question)
Salil Parekh
I do not have the information on the processes. If we have found in the past that the employees
who are doing blatant work in two specific companies, whether it is confidentiality issues, we
have let go of them in the last 12 months.
