
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aniket Pande from ICICI Securities. Please
go ahead.
Ankit Pande
Thanks for the opportunity. I just have two questions. Salil, I wanted to understand the trend
of your TCV number, I wanted to understand how the mix between cost optimization and
transformation deal changed since last three quarters and has the deal tenure increased now as
compared to before?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for the question. First, on the large deal pipeline itself or are you asking on the TCV,
we declared as large deals.
17Aniket Pande
The trend between the TCV actually. And how the mix has changed between cost
optimization and transformation?
Salil Parekh
On the large deals itself, we have looked at it within our numbers, so that is not information
that we have shared outside. What I can share with you is what we see in our pipeline today is
a good focus on cost programs and we are also seeing because of the growth of core that I
shared earlier that we have both sides growing, of course digital growing over 30% and we
also see now the cost programs which is core also growing.
Aniket Pande
Thank you. Last question, if I turn to pricing, so just wondering what the tone and tenure of
pricing conversion has been, how they have progressed since last two quarters and right now,
how are you building that in? Thank you.
Nilanjan Roy
Like we said, it is horses for courses, it is client specific, it is whether there is a new deal,
there is a renewal, is it FP deal, is it a T&M, is there a COLA clause, it is really complex. We
have seen discount, which used to be a quite large in terms of pricing, in terms of renewal
etc., that definitely has come down. There is a lot more focus on the clients, and the clients
also appreciate that because they are seeing the same impact on their attrition etc.. Some we
have seen in terms of COLA clauses, we have seen a larger implementation of that - being
able to push as the COLA increases. In some cases, you have to show more value to the
customers in terms of digital rate card - so what you have been able to offer to client in terms
of transformation dollars. So like I said, it is varied across clients, but it is going to be a long
haul, we never said it is going to easy and that continues.
Aniket Pande
Thank you.
18