
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities.
Please go ahead.
Vibhor Singhal
Hello. Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a solid quarter. So, Salil
my question -- I have just two questions. One, I wanted to basically get an idea on -- I
mean you've seen attrition coming down in this quarter quite sharply. And as you
mentioned in your opening remarks as well, so how do you see the trend of this attrition
going forward, of course, downwards? And how do you believe the benefit of this could
actually percolate to our margins? Again, not asking for objective guidance of a
number. But in terms of the direction, do you think it is going to aid our margins? Or
do you think most of the impact of this is already built into the numbers that we have
currently?
And my second question was majorly on the geography of Europe. So just wanted to
pick your brain on how the conversations with the clients are happening in that part of
geography, specifically if you could maybe break up between Continental Europe,
Eastern Europe and in the UK?
And which pockets of those geographies do you think are looking more softer? Or is
there more of delayed decision-making in that part of the geography?
Nilanjan Roy
I'll take the first one on the lower attrition. Absolutely, we have seen this coming down.
And like we said, even in the future in the next quarter, at least until -- what we are
seeing the latest initial figures we are seeing this coming down.
Absolutely, this should have a positive impact on margins. I mean, during the year,
whether it was stretched hiring on laterals, whether it was the compensation hikes we
did, that really impacted our year-on-year margin story.So as looking ahead in attrition, as an impact both the macroeconomic and also the
internal policies we are doing in terms of promoting within, etcetera, should benefit us.
Salil Parekh
On Europe, I think the way we see - some 25% of our business in Europe, and we have
a few countries. In the countries we operate in, we see some slowing, some economic
impact in Germany. There is some in the UK, less so in the Nordic countries at this
stage.
But overall, the coloring is a little bit more by the industries that we mentioned earlier
in the call, which are across sort of on a global perspective. But relatively, Europe seems
a little bit more impacted today than certainly the US.
Vibhor Singhal
Got it. If I can just maybe drill down just a little bit more, any specific color that you
can provide on European Retail and European Manufacturing segments?
Salil Parekh
So there, we don't necessarily provide that much sort of granularity, same comments on
a global level on manufacturing that we mentioned earlier and for energy, which is
looking stronger, and more sort of, let's say, attention to the economy on retail in this
case.
Vibhor Singhal
Got it. And the softness in retail, do you believe it is, as of now, confined to the retail
stores and maybe percolate, and you could in your discussion with clients, do you see
percolating down to the CPG companies and probably other ones as well? But as of
now, if you it is limited to more of the retail stores that we are talking about?
Salil Parekh
So within retail, we have not called out any specific subsegment, at least in our
commentary. We have not gone down to that granularity in our public statements.
Vibhor SinghalAll right. Got it. Thanks for taking my questions and wish you all the best.
