
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal
Financial Services. Please go ahead.
Mukul Garg
Sure. So Salil, I have two questions. First, on the strong TCV wins this quarter. Can
you at least qualify how much of the strength was on account of share gains, which you
guys have made, versus the resilience, which is there on the technology spend? Because
if you look at the broader market commentary, and you have also highlighted retail as
one of the weaker areas, whereas you got seven large deals in retail. So if you can just
help us break out these two, to get a sense of the deals win momentum?
Salil Parekh
I think the large deal momentum for us is really a function of what we have seen that
we have put in place, we still, within this mix of $3.3 bn, have digital transformation
deal, and we have cost efficiency automation deals. What we mean by some of the
industry callouts, for example, retail or telco, is, there are some clients, it is not everyone
in that industry, but there are some clients which are getting impacted by the economic
environment. We have been quite focused, we have a broader portfolio. So for example,
you saw that in retail, we have those large deals there, it is a mix between transformation
and cost efficiency automation. And so many times when clients feel an impact of the
economic environment, there might be a greater need for the cost efficiency play as
well. So we are ensuring that both of those engines continue to work well with our
clients.
Mukul Garg
Right. And another question was on the margin side. You guided for margins of 21%-
22% band, with margins towards the lower end. Can you just help us with the -- what
are the pools which you are seeing on profitability, given that the supply scenario is
easing rapidly? Is there some portion of the pressure which is on account of the higher
share of cost efficiency deals, which you guys are winning with initial ramp-up cost?Because if you look at Q4, obviously, Q3 also had the pass-through business, which got
impacted. I'm assuming, as Nilanjan mentioned, there was some seasonality into that.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes. So I think like we mentioned, the reason for Q3 margins, we have already given
the breakdown. So as we look ahead, see the levers which we have, one is, utilization.
And you have seen at 81.7% - this is probably, I think, one of the lowest in the last three
to four years since I've been here. So that is one lever which we will have.
And as we start putting these freshers onto the production floor, you will automatically
get a pyramid benefit. So that will be a double value benefit for us.
We also have subcons today, we have dramatically reduced our subcons literally in
three quarters. We were 11% plus, we are at 8.7%. Historically, we have been at 7%. If
you look at our pricing, it has been quite stable. And historically, this is one lever which
always used to drag down, repeatedly, due to discounts on renewals, et cetera. And as
of now, we have not seen that at all. We continue to push with clients on where all we
can get price increases.
Automation – in terms of our own workforce continuing to operate that and that is a
steady lever which we have. So we are continuing to use these levers as we look ahead,
and we will continue to deploy them.
Mukul Garg
Right. So, is it fair to assume that we should see at least better profitability in the next
quarter, given that we have a number of levers with us?
Nilanjan Roy
So we have given a guidance for the year. You have seen in the first nine months, and
that should give a good indication of what could Q4 be.
Mukul Garg
Fair enough. Thanks for taking my question. I’ll get back into the queue.
