
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Infosys Limited Earnings
Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal and operator by
pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone telephone. After today’s presentation there
will be an opportunity to ask question. To ask a question you may press “*” then “1”
on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question please press “*” then “2”. Please
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr.
Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Sandeep Mahindroo
Thanks, Inba. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Infosys earnings call to discuss Q3
FY23 financial results. Let me start by wishing everyone a very happy New Year.
Joining us here on this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Nilanjan Roy
and other members of the senior management team. We will start the call with some
remarks on the performance of the company by Salil and Nilanjan, subsequent to which
we will open up the call for questions.
Kindly note that anything which we say that refers to our future outlook is a forward-
looking statement that must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company
faces. A full statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the
SEC, which can be found on www.sec.gov.
I now like to pass it on to Salil.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Sandeep. Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call. Thank you
for joining us.
We are delighted to share with you that our Q3 performance was strong with year-on-
year growth of 13.7% and quarter-on-quarter growth of 2.4%. This performance was in
a seasonally weak quarter for us and amid a changing global economy. We continue to
gain market share.Growth in Q3 was broad-based, with most industries and geographies growing in
double digits in constant currency. Growth in constant currency for nine months of
FY23 was 17.8% compared to the same period of FY22. Our large deal value was $3.3
bn, the highest in eight quarters. With 32 large deals, this is the largest number of large
deals in our history, 36% of this is net new. Our pipeline of large deals remain strong.
Our digital revenue grew at 22% in the quarter in constant currency and are now close
to 63% of our overall revenue. Our core services revenue grew at 2.4%. We are seeing
growth in both areas of our business, digital and core services. This is a testament to
our industry-leading digital capabilities, including our Cobalt Cloud capability and our
industry-leading automation capabilities, both of which are resonating with our clients.
Our large deal pipeline is seeing increased traction for automation and cost efficiency
programs. Our results reflect our deep-rooted client relationships, coupled with client-
centric strategy, differentiated digital and cloud capabilities, strength in automation and
the ability to pivot our business rapidly to changing client needs.
Our cloud revenues continue to have healthy growth this quarter. Our clients are
focused on accelerating the digital and cloud transformation, both to grow and to
become operationally more efficient. They trust us to partner with them through the
complexity of managing this change because of our differentiated capabilities. Our
industry-leading cloud offering, Cobalt, is playing a key role in helping them navigate
the digital transformation.
Two examples of this,
- Cobalt is helping accelerate business growth and resilience for a large telco and
making their decision-making more data driven.
- We are supporting a leading aerospace company by automation of their customer
experience area, leveraging a modernized technology infrastructure, driving
material cost efficiency.
Strong growth was accompanied by stable operating margin at 21.5%. This was driven
by healthy revenue growth and cost optimization benefits. Our operating margin for the
first nine months of FY23 was at 21%, in-line with our margin guidance.Our voluntary quarterly annualized attrition continues to decline steadily and reduced
by 6 percentage points sequentially to well below 20% for this quarter.
We are encouraged by the immense confidence and trust that clients have in us. The
signs around us, around the slowing global economy are visible. Some areas such as
mortgages and investment banking and financial services industry, telco, high-tech and
retail are more impacted and that is leading to delays in decision-making and
uncertainty in spending in these areas. We are confident that the strength of our digital
and cloud capabilities and our automation capabilities will continue to position us well
in the market. We are keeping a close watch on the global economy.
Driven by our growth of 17.8% in constant currency for the first nine months of FY23
and strong large deal value for Q3, we are increasing our revenue growth guidance,
which was at 15% to 16% earlier to 16% to 16.5%, despite the changing global
economic conditions. We are retaining our operating margin guidance for FY23 at 21%
to 22%. We anticipate to be at the lower end of this range.
Thank you. And with that, let me request Nilanjan to share other updates.
Nilanjan Roy
Thanks, Salil. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining this call. Let me start
by wishing everyone a very happy and safe 2023.
Q3 was another quarter of resilient performance. Our revenue grew by 13.7% year-on-
year and 2.4% sequentially in constant currency terms, despite seasonal weakness. Most
of our business segments and geos grew in double digits year-on-year in constant
currency. Specifically, manufacturing grew by 36.8%, EURS by 25.9% and Europe
grew by 25.3%.
Digital revenues constitute 62.9% of total revenues and grew by 21.7% year-on-year in
constant currency. Core revenue saw another quarter of growth reflecting the
accelerated client focus on cost take-out.
Client metrics continue to remain strong with year-on-year increases in client counts
across revenue buckets. Number of $50 mn clients increased by 15 to 79, number of
$200 mn clients increased by 5, while number of $300 mn clients increased by 3 overthe same quarter last year, reflecting our strong ability to mine top clients. During the
quarter, we added 134 new clients.
Utilization, excluding trainees, reduced to 81.7%, reflecting seasonality and employees
joining the bench post completion of their training. On-site effort mix remained stable
at 24.5%.
Quarterly annualized attrition continued to trend downwards and reduced further by
another 6% during the quarter. This is the lowest quarterly annualized attrition in the
past seven quarters. Consequently, LTM attrition reduced to 24.3% as compared to
27.1% in Q2. We expect attrition to reduce further in the near-term.
Revenue growth was 17.8% in constant currency terms over nine months FY23.
Operating margin for the same period was 21.0%, in-line with the lower-end of our full
year guidance as called out earlier.
Q3 operating margin remained steady at 21.5%. The major components of QoQ margin
movement are as follows:
Tailwinds of
- approximately 40 basis points due to benefits from Rupee depreciation and cross
currency, offset by lower benefits from revenue hedges.
- 70 basis points from cost optimization, including lower subcon.
This was offset by headwinds of
- 30 basis points from higher SG&A and
- the balance 80 basis points due to seasonal weakness in operating parameters,
higher third-party costs, furloughs etcetera.
Q3 EPS grew by 13.4% in Rupee terms on a YoY basis.
DSO increased by three days sequentially to 68, reflecting higher billing during the
quarter. Our balance sheet continues to remain strong and debt-free. ROE increased by
2.2% YoY to 32.6%. Free cash flow for the quarter was $576 mn, a conversion of 72%
of net profit. YTD FCF was $1.8 bn, which is implying a conversion of 81% of net
profits.Yield on cash balances increased to 6.3% in Q3. Q3 marked the 30th consecutive
quarter of delivering positive forex income despite the volatile currency environment.
Consolidated cash and investments declined from $4.79 bn last quarter to $3.91 bn,
consequent to $1.32 bn being returned to investors towards interim dividend and
buyback.
We initiated the buyback on December 7th and till date have bought back $31.3 mn
shares worth ₹4,790 crores or 51.5% of the total authorization of ₹9,300 crores at an
average price of approximately ₹1,531 per share compared to the maximum buyback
price of ₹1,850 per share.
Coming to segment performance
We signed 32 large deals in Q3, which is the highest ever. TCV was $3.3 bn, the highest
in the last eight quarters with 36% net new. 7 large deals were in Retail, 6 each in
Financial Services and Communications, 5 each in EURS and Manufacturing, 2 in Life
Sciences and 1 in Hi-Tech. Region-wise, this was split by 25 in the Americas, 5 in
Europe and 2 in the rest of the world.
Growth in Financial Services was impacted due to a higher-than-normal furloughs and
some specific project closures. Deal pipeline continue to be strong and oriented towards
cost takeout and tech/ops transformation transformation. Our competitive position in
the industry as demonstrated in the past years, remains very strong.
Retailers are seeing uncertainty on consumer spending as a result of high inflation, high
interest rates and softer economy. However, at the same time, direct-to-consumer and
digital commerce are opening up many new opportunities on the back of our growing
presence in leading e-commerce platforms and also our very own Infosys Equinox.
We have healthy deal flow in the Communications segment, along with continued
steady pipeline. However, cost pressures and economic concerns continue on the client
side impacting discretionary budgets.
Energy, Utility, Resources and Services Segment reported strong growth along with
healthy level of large deal wins during the quarter. The deal pipeline is strong and on
increasing trend versus the previous quarter, given medium-term growth visibility.Manufacturing segment continues to be robust, supported by healthy pipeline of deals
in both traditional and new technology areas. We are helping clients across engineering,
IoT, supply chain, cloud ERP and digital transformation, including helping clients
accelerate their journey to the cloud.
We continue to see caution around budget and spending for consumers in the Hi-tech
segment, especially around discretionary spend areas.
For Digital service capabilities in Q3, we have been ranked as leader in 7 ratings for
our cloud services, digital engineering services and Salesforce implementation services.
We have also been positioned as a major player in 7 ratings for our IoT and engineering,
security and automation services.
We believe, the structural levers for medium to long-term growth for the industry
remains intact and Infosys is well positioned to support its customers in their
transformational journey.
With strong revenue performance in the first nine months of the year, the revenue
guidance for FY23 has changed to 16% - 16.5%. Operating margin guidance band
remains at 21% - 22% for the year. And as mentioned previously, we expect to be at
the lower end of the range.
With that, we can open the call for questions.
