
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Girish Pai from Nirmal Bang Equities.
Please go ahead. Mr. Girish Pai, could you please unmute and go ahead with your
questions? As there is no response from this connection, we will move to our next
question, that is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead.
Rahul Jain
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, we commented that manufacturing is doing
well for us, but actually the vertical is doing exceedingly well in European region,
where it is up 60% YoY, but is much weaker in the US, where it is up 7% YoY.
So, what is that we are doing so well in Europe? Is it led by a few very crucial deals?
Or it's more holistic? And why it's different in the US?
Salil Parekh
So, thanks for the question. Within the industry, we don't typically comment on a client,
multi-client level activity. But we do have good traction, as you pointed out, within a
European business in manufacturing.
Rahul Jain
Okay. And another thing was on digital revenue. For the quarter, it is up 17% YoY or
let say, CC would be 20% or 21%. This is like our slowest ever since we have been
giving this time series on digital revenue. So is this a bit worrying? Or is it more because
of the furlough and any other factor?
Salil Parekh
So there, it's partially due to some of the changes that we were discussing earlier where
in certain industries and sub industries. We see much more attention to the economic
environment. And there, we see some of the digital or transformation work beingslower, where we see much more focus across the board on the cost and automation
plays.
Rahul Jain
Got it. And lastly, if I can, the margin impact of furlough was too high in the quarter.
How has this shaped up in the current month? Are these clients resumed to normalcy
now? Or the pain remains extended in Q4 as well?
Nilanjan Roy
So we will have to see how it goes, it is a bit too early to say what is going to be the Q4
outlook on that.
Rahul Jain
Okay. That is it from my side. Thank you so much.
