Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak
Mahindra Asset Management. Please go ahead.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Good evening gentlemen. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good quarter.
Salil, during some of the previous macro uncertainties like Brexit, within a few weeks
of the vote, we had seen some of our large clients canceling and ramping down projects.
This time, even on the tough comps, the pace of growth moderation is much lower than
what many people have been anticipating.
And many forward-looking indicators like deal wins, pipeline and CIO surveys still
continue to be very strong, even 11, 12 months into this macro concerns. So having
seen the previous three to four macro downturns, how do you nuance the current cycle,
especially on the variable of the resilience of IT service spends?
Salil Parekh
So, thanks for the question. It's always difficult to compare across cycles. From the
perspective of Infosys, my sense is what you mentioned earlier, we are still seeing the
pace of change when there is change within an industry or a client to be not rapid. And
we are also seeing that the opportunities for cost optimization and efficiency are
expanding within the work that we are doing. So in many ways, we are in a good
position to be able to work on both sides.
And so while it is difficult to predict what the way the situation in the economy will
evolve, we feel quite balanced. Our sales team is quite agile. We have pivoted quite
quickly and developed various points of view on different efficiency scenarios in
different industries that we feel comfortable that the pipeline is looking good at this
stage, and we will continue to work on that.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Sure. Thanks Salil. So, is it a right understanding to say that we are now in a much
better position to navigate this macro weakness, probably through more than enough
compensation from the cost efficiency deal and vendor consolidation deal? Is that a
correct interpretation?Salil Parekh
The way we see it is we have both components of -- at least the two large components
the clients are looking for, we have good industry-leading capability. So it's really a
function of how a specific industry or subindustry or a client will evolve. But we have
positioned ourselves to make sure that we can support our clients in that area.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Sure. Thanks Salil. All the best for the future.
