
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from J.P. Morgan. Please
go ahead.
Ankur Rudra
Hi, thank you and congratulations on strong headline numbers there. I'm going to try
Pankaj's question in a different way. You mentioned in previous calls that the mix of
deals was changing in favor of smaller deals. And that is why the headline, TCV was
declining, but growth was still quite healthy. This time, of course, both have done well.
Do you think the mix of deals is still the same as it was in the last year before this
quarter?
Salil Parekh
Hi, Ankur this is Salil. I am not clear on the mix of deals on the previous discussions.
But just looking backwards, we see the mix of deals remaining in good shape across
the board. There are some quarters in which there are disproportionate number of
larger-sized deals. But in general, we do not have a pattern in that, at least that is evident
in Q3 here.
Ankur Rudra
Okay. All right. The next question I wanted to check, Salil, again, was on the US
business. The headline growth seems to sort of slipped down to close to low double
digits, whereas the Y/Y growth has been led by very strong performance in Europe and
manufacturing.
Do you worry about the US business it is sort of slower than Europe it is not the case
in the rest of the industry then many of your peers?
Salil Parekh
So there, Ankur, our view is, we have had very strong growth in the US at over 10% in
Q3 in constant currency. Europe, of course, has been a standout in the growth that wehave had. We feel the traction, the pipeline, the work remains pretty strong, as we have
described earlier, across the two dimensions, transformation and cost, across the
geographies.
If you look at the economic situation, we do see the European side a little more
impacted, but we see good traction on the pipeline on both sides. We had a very
successful Europe program over the last 18, 24 months, and that is also helping us with
the growth in this quarter.
Nilanjan Roy
I mean out of our 32 large deals this quarter, 25 were actually in the Americas. So I
think -- just to, show that we have a very strong pipeline there.
Ankur Rudra
Understood. Maybe a last question over here was on pricing and contract profitability
in the projects you are winning right now, especially the large number of big deals this
time you signed. How is that trending? Is that improving, staying the same or maybe
becoming a bit lower than before?
Nilanjan Roy
These are for the new deal signings?
Ankur Rudra
Yes, new deal signings this quarter. How is that trending versus before?
Nilanjan Roy
No, I don't think anything is unusual. Yes, absolutely new deals, I mean since many
clients want the productivity, efficiencies upfront. So we always see that the initial part
of the deals will be lower-than-portfolio margins.
But like we have shown in the past, at the same time, our existing deals are reaching
higher profitability, and that offsets some of this pressure which is coming from the
newly signed deals, where the margins will typically be lower. But nothing unusual on
the trends.Ankur Rudra
Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you for the color and best of luck.
