: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Gunjan Prithyani: Just before I get to my questions, I just had a follow up on this semiconductor thing, because I mean I do
understand that its vulnerable, but can you just give us some clarity as to are there any vendor conversations
which give you an indication that second half could be normal. I mean any clarity around when do you see this
normalizing, because I did see some flashes that you all were talking about two, three quarters. So, is this some
vendor negotiations which are ongoing or capacity increase?
Rahul Bharti: We do not have full year visibility, but at least Quarter 1 will be tougher than other quarters. And broadly the
uncertainty continues.
Gunjan Prithyani: And the second question I had was on the RDE related cost impact, if you can just give us some sense on what
was the cost implication and are we adequately covered up with the price increases that we have taken?
Rahul Bharti: Fortunately, BS6 Phase-II for gasoline doesn’t cost much and now possibly analyst would be able to look back
at the decision we made when we decided to exit diesel. Because diesel RDE and OBD (Onboard Diagnostics),
both are part of BS6 Phase-II, which were mandated from 1st April, this year, so diesel models would have seen
a significant cost jump.
And this year we will also have ESC (Electronic Stability Control) that will have a minor cost impact and will
have seatbelt reminders that will also have a minor cost impact. Other than that, we don’t see any regulatory
impact this year. In CAFE we are the best, we have the least CO2 among all the car manufacturers in India, we
have the cleanest fleet with the lowest CO2 value. And I do believe that not all are in a similar comfortable
position. So, on the regulatory front Maruti is well positioned.
Gunjan Prithyani: Any clarity on the airbag thing that we have, since you said we are not expecting any further regulation.
Rahul Bharti: So, it is still in a draft notification stage, and industry is in discussion with the government. I believe they will
arrive at some workable solution.
6 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 26 April 2023Gunjan Prithyani: The second question I have is little bit broader one on this whole EV shift which is becoming more prominent in
the fleet segment, because we have seen some of these shared mobility guys come and make big commitments
on the EV front. How are we thinking about that segment, because it’s been an important segment for us
particularly at the small car, entry car segment. So, is there something that is in the works or how do we position
for this greener shift that even the shared mobility companies are calling out for?
Rahul Bharti: See, sometimes we use terms interchangeably when we say greener shift, the green is in the CO2 value. Maruti
Suzuki has the least CO2 emissions among all car manufacturers in India. For the simple reason that it is not just
1% of your portfolio which contributes to the CO2, it’s the balance 99% also. So, the entire portfolio, all the
volume of sales have to have a lower total CO2 that’s how the green shift happens.
Now coming to your question about EV in shared mobility, we will be launching our EV next financial year,
which is FY2024-25. And the specifications are quite powerful 550 km range, 60 kWh battery size and very
competitive charging time also. And all the use-case patterns, we are studying closely and we will be there where
the market needs us.
