: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.
Jinesh Gandhi: Firstly, can you talk about our realization this quarter was moreover flattish on QoQ basis despite discounts going
down, despite mix improving. So, is there any one-off there, can you talk about that?
Ajay Seth: No, there is no one-off, I think it is all to do with the mix that you are selling in a particular quarter. And as I
think it was earlier mentioned that due to semiconductor shortages you have to adjust your mix to the available
models that you can sell. So, depending on what models you have sold in a particular quarter your realizations
8 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 26 April 2023will vary, but I think it should be looked at from a year's perspective that the realizations on a yearly basis have
moved significantly higher, don’t go by a quarter basis, because it will largely depend on the mix and the
availability of semiconductor. I think moving forward as our focus is on the newer models and also the bigger
models you would see the realization going up.
Jinesh Gandhi: And can you share some data points like what was our export revenues for the quarter and the full year, what
was the royalty for the quarter and Gujarat production for 4th Quarter and FY'23 quarters as a whole?
Rahul Bharti: Exports revenue in Q4 was INR 3,900 crore approximately. And for the full year it was INR 14,652 crore.
Jinesh Gandhi: Gujarat production, for full quarter and full year?
Ajay Seth: Gujarat production was 186,786 units, this quarter. And for the full year Gujarat production was at 671,692 units.
Jinesh Gandhi: And lastly on the CNG side are we seeing some stability and recovery given the developments in the CNG prices?
And what was the CNG sales for the full year FY'23?
Rahul Bharti: So, last year we sold about 330,000 CNG cars. And of course, this year we should grow from that number. And
yes, there is positive traction after the government rationalized prices. Our penetration for the full year was at
20%, but in some months it has gone beyond 20% also.
