: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS. Please go ahead.
Pramod Kumar: My question is a follow-up to what Kapil asked, if you can just help us understand because of the kind of changes
in the models we have done, the kind of feature enhancement what you are planning and the changes to
transmission. What has been the kind of jump in the average consumption of semis for you because the market
has a difficulty in believing that we have been continuously plagued with the semiconductor shortage over more
than a full year now and it’s not expected to resolve anytime soon but just want to understand within Maruti,
given the model mix, what you enjoy currently, what has been the kind of semiconductor intensity increase what
you have seen on the year-on-year basis, on the per model basis the average semiconductor numbers what you
had earlier, what is it now so that we can better appreciate the kind of scale of issues of what you are facing.
And the second question was on the demand for the entry level car segment. We continue to see that category
continues to shrink. So according to you, where do you think demand could settle on the lower side for that
segment? And what will be needed from a macro perspective for that segment of first-time buyers, an entry level
car buyers to kind of make up for that.
Rahul Bharti: On the first question, yes, because of higher functionality, premium features, technology, infotainment, the
semiconductor content in the car has gone up. It’s difficult to put a number because it’s a model wise, variant
wise phenomenon. Having said that, globally also one of the reasons, one of the drivers of semiconductor
consumption is increase in larger cars and some EVs in Europe also. So, I think all manufacturers are affected,
everybody complains about semiconductor shortages, everybody has pending bookings, so it’s an industry wide
phenomenon.
And one element that sometimes hurts more is that when semiconductor manufacturers peg the new year
allocations based on past base figures so that sometimes works to disadvantage.
On your second question. So, this year entry level cars in FY2022-23 were higher than in the previous year, with
a reasonably good growth. However, for FY2023-24 we expect a flattish growth.
Pramod Kumar: So, Rahul san, that’s actually positive because generally we have been picking up that entry level demand
continues to be under pressure industry wide and it’s declining even now, but you expect that it could be flattish
on a full year basis?
Rahul Bharti: So, in the backdrop of low expectations this is somewhat positive.
5 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 26 April 2023Pramod Kumar: And last one on the order book status, what is the current order book number, I think still early days with the
Fronx price announcement but where do we stand on the order book side? And if you can give a broad breakup
of the order book in terms of CNG and key models, just to understand what is the kind of model mix on the order
book versus say just 21% volumes of SUV and MPV right now, what is the kind of order book mix, if you can
help us understand, thank you.
Rahul Bharti: So, the total order book as of today morning would be about 412,000 units. CNG is about one-third of that. And
the new SUVs that we have launched are also at a good number.
Pramod Kumar: Last one, other expenditures, any comment on the Auto Expo related lumpy expenses this quarter, because that
will probably not reoccur for the new few quarters at least. So, any color there as to what, how big was that.
Ajay Seth: On the marketing side I think the exception would be Auto Expo which happens once in two years. The
expenditure was about INR 40 crore that occurred in this year, which I think will not get repeated in the next
year.
