
Thank you. We have Supriya’s questions online and in the interest of time I am going to quickly
read it out to you gentlemen then we come to the close of this Q&A session.
Supriya from TechCircle has requested us to read out her questions to you. For Pravin, what is the
percentage of salary hikes that were offered across bands or levels of employees, were there
particular concentrations in any geographies or type of delivery units and how many employees
have been hired in 2021 so far and how much of these were freshers.
For Salil, with rising potential in digital transformation do we see Infosys’s M&A strategy any time
in your tenure as CEO from capturing foreign market shares to capturing new IPs to drive product
innovation beyond what competition will keep adapting towards?
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
23Pravin Rao
I will start first with the salary hike. We did one salary hike effective January. The quantum was
similar to what we have done historically, and the quantum of salary hike also varies from
geographies. It is different in India, it is different in other geographies and even within these
geographies, we normally tend to have higher compensation increase at lower levels and lower
compensation increase at higher levels. So that is something we had really done in the January
cycle. Now in terms of number of hires, this year we hired about 36,500 people, out of it about
21000 people are freshers and I am talking about FY21.
Salil Parekh
In terms of the M&A, the focus will remain on what we are seeing in the digital space, there is
more and more that we are seeing that we can scale up whether it is on cloud, cybersecurity, data
and analytics. We are also looking at areas which are related to Internet of Things, we are looking
at other parts of our business, which can also help us to be part of the digital transformation
agenda for our clients whether that is in the area which relates to business, marketing, to sales,
technology, engineering services and other areas, so those are all the places where we are
looking in terms of what we could look for M&A. There is no fixed approach in terms of geography,
we are always looking to see what we can do in services, but where we can have IP that supports
that for our clients, we are open to that as well. The primary focus is really on digital and
expanding our services team.
