
Thank you. The next question is from Ayan Pramanik from The Economic Times. Ayan please
unmute yourself and ask your question.
Ayan Pramanik
Congratulation Salil on a good set of numbers. I have two small questions actually. If you look at
the attrition number it seems significantly higher, and we hear that there are few hundreds of
vacant roles across some key clients. Could you please elaborate on that if there are some supply
side issues for some key clients? That is the first question. Second part is if you look at the
revenue per employee consolidated which has grown, which is 55.2 in US dollar 1000 so do you
see that improving going forward?
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
13Salil Parekh
Let me start on the question you had about roles on client projects. We have a tremendous
capability of fulfilling demand. We believe that is going extremely well. As Pravin was sharing
some of the points on attrition and what we are doing in terms of real strong employee
engagement. There are two factors I also want to highlight. We are making sure that we have
huge levels of recruitment both from college campuses in India and outside India and also
laterally. The main reason we are seeing a lot of this focus on Infosys employees is also because
our training is probably the best training in the industry, and we are extremely proud of that
training. We believe that that is the training that drives what we want to do in terms of digital
programs with our clients and that is where we are making sure that all of the effort is put in and
how we are fulfilling all over the world for our clients. For the other question, let me just check if
Nilanjan would you want to address that, please.
Nilanjan Roy
On the revenue per employee if you go back in the industry, it has largely been flat and it is a
reflection of two things, that is client pricing so which is a downward pressure and the other hand
you start putting in automation which tries to negate some of that client discounts and rate
negotiation. So if you see that secular trend line has largely been flat, but of course we continue to
drive initiatives like digital pricing and we know that our digital side of the business is giving us
higher margins and higher RPP but at the same time there is some downward pressure on the
core side of the business which offsets that but our intent continues to remain to command large
and larger premium for our digital side, but secular trends have been largely flat as of now as a
combined portfolio.
Ayan Pramanik
Thank you Nilanjan. If I take a cue from that point, can I ask one question. So, are there still
requests from clients for discounts like we had seen last year in March?
Nilanjan Roy
That is a continuous process. I do not think we are seeing any acceleration unlike we mentioned
last year also during COVID wherever clients had come during that initial period, we were happy to
extend anything, but clients do come and ask for discounts and productivity gain at the time of
renewals etc. but nothing unusual – this is quite normal what we are seeing.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
14