
Thank you Shilpa. The next question is from Ayushman Baruah from the Mint.
Ayushman Baruah
Two simple things, so one is as remote working becomes the new norm and as we also gear up
may be for a potential second lockdown, do you feel the whole concept of onsite working versus
offshore is getting redundant as employees can work from anywhere now, how do you plan to deal
with that? That is first. Secondly, what is your acquisition strategy for FY22 given that last year
you made a lot of acquisitions, so in which areas would these acquisitions be in the digital cloud
space etc? Thank you.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
12Salil S. Parekh
Thanks for the questions, Ayushman. First one relating to work-from-home, what we have been
clear and I think Pravin shared this during our past earnings calls as well, is to say that first we
have a very strong work-from-home approach that is working well. Thanks to the infrastructure that
we built up within the company and the rapid speed at which we moved our people to work-from-
home. What we have now learnt as you have seen Nilanjan shared his stats, onsite mix has
moved significantly to offshore in the last financial year, much more rapidly than it had done in the
previous several years. We feel that some of this is the way clients are looking at the business;
however, there is also a lot of use and work that we do in our digital centres in Europe, in US, in
Australia and Singapore and those type of work will continue even if that becomes a hybrid model,
which means partially working from home, partially working from a work location. Having said all of
that, we still think that there will be a need to build up some social capital and some of that will be
built when people start to come back to the office. So, there are two things at play here, the hybrid
model and the shift on the onsite offshore mix and there are different ways we feel those will play
out and we will see how that looks in the next few quarters or maybe the next few years. On M&A,
we continue with our focus on Digital and Cloud acquisition opportunities. We will continue to look
with the cultural fit, the strategic fit and the cost price of the asset that we are looking to acquire.
With all those things coming into play, we hope to continue with our M&A activity in this year as
well.
