
Thank you! The next question is from Sankalp Phartiyal from Reuters news. Sankalp, please
unmute yourself.
Sankalp Phartiyal
Good evening everyone. Salil, my question is to you. Whenever you give an update guidance you
say that there is a good demand coming in from the clients and that is one statement that we have
heard across the quarters and it is true because amidst the pandemic such is the demand for
digitization. But I was wondering if you could go a little bit granular on that and give me some color
in terms of, what is it that the clients are exactly demanding because again we have also heard
you say that you want to be a partner in the digital transformation of clients, so could you give us a
little more color on that please? And I heard Pravin say that we are going to hire 25,000 freshers
from India and overseas, I wanted to you ask about the change in the US administration and if that
is going to have any effect on the visa, the whole working environment for software service
exporters like yourself? Just those two. Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for the question. I think to give you some color on the sort of demand we are seeing.
Today if you look, we have work which we are doing, for example in the retail sector where we are
working with clients who are changing what they are doing, with how their end customer - the
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
18consumer is connecting with them through different channels for buying products, for connecting
with and giving feedback on what is going on. Their sales teams are using different channels to
connect with different rep structures. All of this is being built on a cloud ecosystem and it is also
being built with a new set of technology which requires leverage, whether it is all of our capabilities
on cloud. For example, in many cases, we are using unique and agile ways to build new software,
using the experience capabilities of our digital studios, design the way this technology works or
even roll it out across the cloud into usage worldwide at the same time. So that is one example of
the type of project, these are different depending on industry whether you look at insurance
business, the utilities business, the consumer products business or the banking business. In each
of those areas, there are new ways that our clients are looking to connect with their customers to
grow their business and that makes it more and more critical for them to drive these projects faster
because by doing that they are able to impact their own growth, their own market share which is
where our support comes. So, all of that will translate to good demand and a good demand is
translating for us to a very strong revenue guidance of 12% to 14%.
Pravin Rao
On the visa front, obviously, our strategy is to be less dependent on visa, and this is something
that we have been embarking on for the past two to three years. Today, more than 69% of our US
workforce are locals and so to that extent we are less and less dependent on the visa regime.
Having said that the early indications are, Biden administration seems to be much more business
friendly, much more immigration friendly, we have seen many of the restriction, with respect to
Trump administration have either been deferred or they have allowed it to lapse. One of these
amendments around compensation increases, has also been put off by more than a year. So, it is
early days we had remained busy, but from an Infosys perspective we are less and less
dependent on the visas, we are a truly robust model with lot of focus on localization.
