
Thank you. The next question is from Rukmini Rao from Business Today who joins us on audio.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
20Rukmini Rao
Sir two questions, one you have been able to add an incremental revenue of 780+ million in a very
difficult year. What you would say Infosys has done differently given that we have seen your peers
add less than about 150 million in the whole of last year. Two, we also heard them say that the
large deals are not coming at great margins. I want to get your thoughts on it, to see what the
correlation might be with the guidance that you have given for the coming year.
Salil Parekh
First, I think on the revenue we are extremely proud and delighted with the trust of the clients
because we have as you pointed out 5% growth in this extremely difficult financial year that just
completed and we see that really because the way we have built the capabilities of digital, the
way our clients have given us many of those projects we talked at the start of the year for some
consolidation, we have seen that in this last financial year and there has also been extreme focus
on automation and cost capabilities and there again we believe we have a leading capability in
terms of automation that our clients have really engaged with us. So, we see that gain of market
share differentiate and position Infosys as the industry leading growth company, in terms of this IT
services business worldwide. Now the way we see, what we are seeing on large deals, we see a
good traction. The large deals really come when clients are looking at very strategic, digital
transformation programs, which start with business, technology, and operations together or look at
business, technology and cloud, which drives a lot of that change. We have also shared that in
general our digital margins on average are higher than the company average margins. We are not
specifically looking at large deal margins that we share externally, but our margin guidance is
extremely robust between 22% and 24% and we feel comfortable with the way the large deals that
we have worked on, that we will deliver to that guidance in the coming year.
