
Thank you. The next question is from Mugdha Variyar from CNBC TV18.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
7Mugdha Variyar
Hi everyone. Good to see you again. Hope you are doing well. Salil, I want to first ask you about
the factors that you have considered for the FY22 guidance, which sectors is it going to come
from? Are you looking at new areas. We had TCS say yesterday that they are looking at disrupting
the consulting business. Are you looking at increasing your addressable market as well? Any new
areas that you could look at and on deal wins, could you explain why there was a sharp decline in
the deal wins from the last quarter? Is this the run rate that we can expect going forward in the
coming quarters as well? Pravin, of course, there has been a sharp spike in attrition, you talked
about the fact that because of this demand, but we did see that TCS has reported an all-time low
attrition for the quarter, so what can Infosys do differently and in FY22 what are the wage hike that
we can expect, are you going to be hiring more, what are the hiring plans for FY22? And Nilanjan
are you factoring wage hikes and more hiring in the margin pressure as well?
Salil Parekh
Let me start with the guidance on revenue. I think 12% to 14% growth is an extremely strong
guidance and indication that we see very good demand and we also see that this is coming across
a strong foundation from what was achieved in the previous financial year. The demand is coming
in a broad based way. We are seeing almost all of our industries providing good outlook for
demand. So it is not in any one space or the other and the disruption question that you asked, our
focus is really on the digital transformation that our clients are driving and one of the biggest
components of that is cloud. As you will recall, we launched our Infosys Cobalt cloud capability last
year and that is one of the strongest areas that are tracking with the clients for the growth and of
course there are other components of digital which looks at experience, which relates to how our
clients are looking to use the technology in digital and then data and analytics and cybersecurity.
So those are the areas that we are seeing and with the level of confidence we have, we are saying
the growth guidance will be 12% to 14%. In terms of what we have seen on the deal wins, as
Pravin was sharing, large deal wins are typically somewhat volatile in a given quarter, but for a
given year they are quite a good indicator. This last financial year, we had $14 bn of large deal
wins. The previous financial year we had $9 bn. So it is a huge step up on an annual basis and we
see the demand in this financial year to be quite strong and we will continue to do well with large
deal wins. With that let me pass it on to Pravin.
Pravin Rao
Hi Mugdha. We historically have an average attrition of 13% to 15%. What we are seeing now at
15% is probably at the high end of average that we are seeing. It is similar to what we saw about
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
8four quarters back. Obviously it is higher than what we saw in the previous quarter. As mentioned
earlier, there are many interventions that we are doing to retain the best of our employees. We
have a very compelling value proposition and with compensation interventions, with promotions
and with many other initiatives that we have in place we are very confident to sustain around this
level going forward and without compromising on any client requirements. In terms of hiring, this
year we have added about close to 21,000 fresher’s from campus, both in India and overseas and
in coming year we are looking at over 25,000 again both India and overseas.
Nilanjan Roy
Mugdha, on margins, absolutely we have factored the guidance, second pay hike from July and
also we have talked about certain headwinds in the latter part of the year with travel, opening up of
other overhead costs where we had squeezed a bit from last year and those costs both have been
factored in the margins, but we remain quite comfortable in the 22% to 24% range.
Rishi
Thank you. The next question is from Poonam Saney from ET Now. Poonam can you unmute
yourself and ask your question.
Poonam Saney
Thank you so much for this opportunity. Salil, my question to you is, if I am looking at the kind of
estimates that most of the analysts are working with, especially in terms of buyback, the buyback
expectation was 11,000 to 15,000 odd Crores which is on an average 12,000 Crores of sales,
expectation and you have announced a buyback of 9,200 Crores so what is the expectations from
an analyst perspective? Any reasons for the same and can you give some colour on the same? I
also want to understand what is the progress in terms of Daimler deal by the revenue growth as
well as the margins guidance is fairly in line with expectations. I wanted to understand how the
Daimler deal would start contributing to the revenue as well as in terms of profitability and if we
could also get more colour in terms of the margin trajectory. We would see some of the costs
returning, so how would those costs shape up and impact the margin trajectory?
Salil Parekh
Thanks. Let me start with the buyback. Nilanjan might have some point to add to that and then
Pravin will take Daimler question and Nilanjan for the margin. On the buyback, our approach has
been to work with our capital return policy and our capital return policy has been quite clearly
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
9stated a couple of years ago, that we plan to return 85% cash back to shareholders and there are
two components to this. One which relates to the dividends, one which relates to possible
buyback. So, keeping all those factors in mind, the board decided that this was the amount that
made sense. We have a clear view in terms of how this will support the capital return policy across
the 5 year period and how we are able to return 85% which is our target amount. That really is the
rationale for the 9,200 Crores that we have announced as a buyback. Let me pass it to Nilanjan
first if there is anything else on the buyback and then Pravin.
Nilanjan Roy
Sure. So, just to add to Salil’s comments, so if you actually see our payouts of the last 2 year’s
dividend, we declared 6,400 Crores of dividend and 9,200 Crores of buyback. Our cumulative
payout for FY21 and FY20 which are the first 2 years of the capital allocation policy, we would
have paid out 83% of the 85%, so in that sense I think this is completely in line with our policy and
that is what the board also considered when deciding the amount of buyback. So, I think it is quite
transparent and actually working in line with clearly articulated forward looking policy as well. So
that is on the buyback. On the margins, like I said and we have been talking about it during the last
year that our margin has increased and some of them have come from the deferment of costs and
the cost deferrals and we are cognizant of that and have been calling that out that these will
become headwinds during FY22 and we have factored that into our 22% to 24% guidance. But
having said that, this would still be a 100 basis points above our pre-COVID guidance which was
last at 21% to 23%. So in that sense, this is a step up in our underlying margin trajectory.
Pravin Rao
On the Daimler program obviously it is a complex program with many elements. We have started
planning for the same. We have started ramping up and started getting into details of contracts
that we need to innovate. We have also started looking at making offers because there is
rebadging element as well, so a lot of preparatory stuff and other work is going on as per
schedule.
