
The next question is from Sajeet Manghat from BloombergQuint.
Sajeet Manghat
Good evening gentleman. Season’s greetings to you all. My first question is to Pravin with respect
to the guidance which has been given especially the margins part of it. You entered the year
24.5% operating margins, and your guidance is in the range of 22% to 24%. What is the kind of
headwind that you are seeing in terms of guidance or in terms of margin that you have been
conservative in giving guidance. I mean, your upper end is also not matching the full-year
guidance, which you did for this financial year. Second one is with respect to the deal wins $2.1 bn
in Q4 but it seems that your run rate has slowed down towards the end of Q4, is it because some
of the deals have been pushed to the next financial year and if you can give some color on the
financial services business segment as a whole as well?
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
5Pravin Rao
I will start with the large deals and financial services and then I will pass it onto Nilanjan or Salil to
respond on the margin guidance. On the large deals, we had a 23 large deal wins this quarter at
$2.1 bn and for the year is $14.1 bn which is a record in Infosys’ history; and even for the Q4 52%
of large deal wins was net new and for the year it is 66% and in fact the net new for the year $9.4
bn is higher than all the large deal TCV that we did in whole of FY20. Obviously, this large deal,
there is some volatility in terms of large deal wins, many of the deals take three to six months for
closure. There are times when we are able to close many deals in the given quarter. There are
times when it gets pushed up but given that we have about $14 bn with 66% net new, we have a
very strong foundation getting into the next year FY22. So, we are comfortable with where we are.
In terms of Financial Services, we had record growth, industry leading growth in the past few
quarters that continues in this quarter as well. For the year, we had 25 large deal wins in this
space and in this quarter itself 6 of the wins were in Financial Services. So we are well positioned
for this sector to continue this strong performance in FY22 as well. In terms of demand areas, we
are seeing of course a lot of transformational programs around mortgage transformation, lending
services, front to back digitization, customer experience, modernization, call center technologies
and operations, transformation and so on. So we are optimistic about this segment.
Nilanjan Roy
If you see our margins you have to go back to FY20 and we ended FY20 with 21.3% margin and
we have ended FY21 with 24.5% so that is a 3.2% margin growth and that kind of growth we have
not seen in the recent past. Like we have told you, over the last few quarters as well that the
margin improvement of 320-basis points has come about with two or three reasons, one has been
the cost deferments that Salil mentioned because last year of course, we delayed the entire pay
cycle, number one. We also had cut back on our promotion cycles. In addition, we have turned
aggressive cost-cutting, and things like travel had naturally stopped, on marketing etc., and we
also did a lot of work on our strategic cost levers around pyramid and onsite and offshore
automation. All these three helped us during the year to come to the 24.5%. These cost tailwinds
which was about the deferral costs would come back in the FY22. So, the first pay hike which was
in January has been announced that is making a headwind and as Salil just mentioned we are
also looking at the second payment from 1st July. As the year progresses in the second half and as
vaccine starts rolling out, things like travel etc., will open and some of these costs at the tail end
will come up. So, we think 22% to 24% is a comfortable rate. It is important to keep in mind as well
that the pre-pandemic events in FY20, our guidance was 21% to 23%. So now in that sense we
are now 1% higher in terms of 22% to 24% so we remain quite comfortable with that.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
6