:
The next question is from the line of Suresh Ganapathy from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Suresh Ganapathy:
My questions are all related to credit cards. Anup, do you explicitly share data with
Amazon? That's the first question on co-branding or with any of your co-branded partners?
Page 16 of 26The second question is that the credit card book is up 10% q-o-q. So, q-o-q, have you seen
any change in the revolver rates if you can tell us because obviously the credit card
outstanding is up q-o-q. Finally, there is one rule of thought with respect to this new
guidelines of credit cards is that the Reserve Bank of India could be a bit more open to
giving licenses to NBFCs for credit cards considering that there are severe restrictions
imposed on co-branding. Do you subscribe to that view?
Anup Bagchi:
Firstly, as I had mentioned earlier to Mahrukh's question, we have read through the
guidelines, there doesn't seem to be any impact on us prime facie. We will of course go
through the guidelines more closely to see if there is any impact. So that will cover the
data and all other aspects that you sort of asked about. I think the other important question
that you asked is that now is there restrictions on co-brand, will NBFCs be allowed to issue
their own cards, etc., I think it seems that it points more towards other fintechs rather than
an NBFC/bank type of tie-up, it looks more fintech than other things. So from that
perspective, I will say that competitive intensity might come down instead of up from
Bank’s perspective. There are a lot more guidelines around customer service and being
fair to the customer, which I think are very positive. So that is also positive to us. Will other
NBFCs try to get a card? There was an old guideline of RBI where RBI could have given a
permission or approval to issue a card, but you have to have an issuing Bank and which is
not co-branded. But nobody has launched, but I'm sure many people might be open to
launching those things. We will have to see. But the large players who might be open to
launching such a thing, they already had co-branded cards in one way or the other. So let
us see how it evolves. But overall at this point of time, for our co-branded, there doesn't
seem to be much impact or in fact any impact from the first reading. Second, on the
competitive intensity, I think it is going to be less than equal to, doesn't seem to be greater
than equal to of the larger players coming and issuing or having their own credit card, that
was always an option, but has not fructified, it might happen, it is good. But, it's a large
market today. So increased competition, etc., we have to basically play our own games.
Competitive intensity does impact, but at the end of it finally we will have to play our game
well, only then we'll win.
Page 17 of 26Suresh Ganapathy:
Q-o-Q, have we seen increase in revolver rates because your outstanding book is up 10%
Q-o-Q?
Anup Bagchi:
QoQ, as you know, there are revolver rates and there are transactions for sure. Also,
because Q3 was very good for us, our spends were very good, because we have festivals,
we focus on spends, we focus on ads, we increase the spends, etc., part of it is that as
well.
