:
The next question is from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead.
Mona Khetan:
Firstly, on the SME and business banking book. What are our incremental yields? And if
you could give some color on in terms of growth, is it led by increased working capital
demand due to higher commodity prices or higher inflation?
Rakesh Jha:
We do not separately disclose yields by portfolio segments, but like we were responding
to earlier questions from Mahrukh, indeed, the business banking SME segment is
extremely competitive and we continue to focus on the entire customer 360. So it's not
just about the loan, but also the float income on the current account side, FX and trade
and all the other income that we get from the customers. We have been seeing pretty
strong growth in this portfolio for the last few years. I think it is a combination of the focus
that we have had on this segment, plus, of course, all the investments that we have made
on digital and technology for servicing the customers in this segment has really helped
with this growth for us.
Mona Khetan:
I mean, would you be able to get some color on whether a large part of this incremental
growth is also driven by increased inflation in commodity prices, etc.,
Rakesh Jha:
If you go back say six months, even then the portfolio was growing at broadly this kind of
a pace. So I don't think there is any specific delta impact of inflation per se, but, of course,
in this segment most of our loans are working capital loans, the amount of term lending
will be much more limited.
Page 15 of 26Mona Khetan:
I am assuming that on the margin front, there is no one-off in terms of income tax refund
or anything this quarter.
Rakesh Jha:
I talked about the interest on income tax refund, that was like one basis point or something.
So there is no one off per se but like I mentioned in Q4, typically, we have the margin
which is about eight to ten basis points higher than Q3, that's how it comes out and Q3
was 3.96%, that included about six basis points of the income tax refund benefit. So if you
look at it, I think 3.90% is where we were in Q3 broadly around that level, in Q4 on a core
basis and full year also we are in that region of 3.9-3.95%.
Anup Bagchi:
Just to add to Rakesh on that, our SME portfolio and business banking portfolio, our ticket
sizes largely are similar, it is enhanced coverage and decongestion of processes which is
I would say more weighted on leading to the growth.
Mona Khetan:
Just finally on the credit card book. Where would our revolve rates be versus pre-Covid-
19 level?
Rakesh Jha:
We don't disclose that separately, but yes, it will be somewhat lower than where we were
pre-COVID.
