:
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.
Nitin Agarwal:
I have three quick questions. First is again around growth. What sort of growth
opportunities are we looking at in the wholesale business as growth trends over there have
been quite modest and especially in context to the trends being reported by a peer bank?
And second question is if you can share some color on the kind of business Bank is
garnering from non-ICICI Bank customers who have used ICICI mobile banking services?
And third is around the provisioning expenses. If you can share more color on it the
context of contingent provisioning, the provisioning is almost negligible for the quarter.
So some color on this and also the outlook on the provisions to keep up guidance, any
thoughts around that over FY2023?
Rakesh Jha:
Maybe I'll talk about the provisions first. So as you said, for us this quarter largely the
provisions were the contingent provisions that we made of Rs.10.25 billion. On the rest of
the NPA and the restructured book, the provisions were negligible. That reflected, one, the
net deletion in NPAs that we had during the quarter. It also reflected the prepayment of a
corporate restructured loan that we talked about, that would have resulted in write-back
on the provisions that we held for that restructured loan. And we have continued to
recover well on both the corporate side and of course on the retail side as well, especially
on the retail side the high level of addition that we have seen in the last four to five quarters,
those recoveries have been coming in. So, I don't think we should be extrapolating this
Page 19 of 26quarter from a go forward perspective. I think in the past we have talked about the fact that
we would always want our provisions as a percentage of core operating profit, not to
exceed 25%. That is of course through a cycle and it will vary up and down depending on
the stage of cycle where we are and also the composition of the portfolio. So no specific
guidance that we can give there in addition to what we have already said. On the wholesale
banking opportunities, I think the good thing is that we get to look at pretty much all the
deals that are happening in the market and wherever it is franchise business which is
adding to our overall core operating profit, we are happy to do that business. Wherever it
is standalone lending opportunities at very fine pricing where the only objective could be
book growth and does not really contribute to the core operating profit, we are very happy
to stay away from that. And to some extent that is what is reflected in the loan growth for
us. As we have said in the earlier calls, I think the entire corporate banking team is also
focused on the ecosystem approach towards business. So we don't look at just the loans,
we look at all other important services for the corporate client, we look at all that we can
do with the employees of the corporate in terms of our retail businesses as well as the
dealers and vendors from an SME perspective, and we track the profitability in absolute
terms and the ROE for the corporate client as well as for the entire ecosystem. So that is
the approach that we have and we will continue with that. We will be competitive wherever
required from a franchise perspective. That's how we look at the market. And opportunity
is there in terms of growth, and as long as it comes within our risk and return parameters,
we are happy to grow.
Anup Bagchi:
Third question was that what happens to the non-ICICI Bank customers. First, I think we
should start to really look at it from a point of view that who are our customers and we will
have to start to expand our way of how we think about our customers. We would think
that it is not just deposit customers or asset customers who are our customers. Anybody
who is using our services becomes our customers. So if it is iMobile Pay, they may not
have deposits with us today, they may not have assets with us today but if they start using
iMobile Pay, they become our customers. Similarly, FASTag for example. There are many
FASTag customers, they are all good customers, they are all affluent customers. They may
not have deposits with us and they may not have assets with us, but they are also our
customers. So I would say that non-deposit customers and not a non-asset customer
because that today is one of the largest flows of good quality leads for a Bank like us, and
Page 20 of 26our experience with that is very, very good because they tie-in to the brand, they get to
see and experience adjunct services that we provide and more data footprint they leave
with us, better is our ability to pre-approve them, better is our ability to understand them,
and better is our ability in a sharp focused manner to give them propositions that will give
them a reason to start overall 360 banking with ICICI Bank. So our experience is good and
I thought I'll just expand it a little bit to just share with you what is our general approach to
the so-called non-ICICI Bank customers, they are all ICICI Bank customers, they are service
customers, they are not deposit customers, they are not asset customers.
