: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY'22 Earnings Conference Call of
Maruti Suzuki India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode,
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the
conference over to Mr. Pranav Ambaprasad. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Pranav Ambaprasad: Thank you, Margaret. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon once again. May I introduce you
to the management team from Maruti Suzuki. Today, we have with us our CFO -- Mr. Ajay Seth;
from Marketing and Sales we have Member, Executive Board – Mr. R.S. Kalsi; Senior Executive
Director, Marketing and Sales – Mr. Shashank Srivastava; from Corporate, Executive Director,
Corporate Planning and Government Affairs – Mr. Rahul Bharti; Senior Advisor, Corporate
Planning – Mr. K. Kasahara and General Manager, Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations –
Mr. Nikhil Vyas; from Finance, we have Executive Advisor – Mr. DD Goyal; Executive Director
– Mr. Pradeep Garg; and Executive Vice President – Mr. Sanjay Mathur.
The concall will begin with a brief statement on the performance and outlook of our business by
Mr. Seth, after which we'll be happy to receive your questions.
May I remind you of the Safe Harbor. We may be making some forward-looking statements that
have to be understood in conjunction with uncertainty and the risk that the Company faces.
I also like to inform you that the call is being recorded and the transcript will be available at the
website.
I would now like to invite our CFO – Mr. Seth. Over to you, sir.
Ajay Seth: Thanks, Pranav. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I hope you and your families are healthy
and safe. Q1 of Financial Year 2021-22 was extremely difficult times for all of us because of the
sudden upsurge in the COVID-19 infection across the country. As a responsible corporate
citizen, the Company is contributing to the best of its ability to support the country in the fight
against the pandemic. At the time when the country was battling the second wave of COVID-19
and was facing shortage of oxygen for medical needs, the Company temporarily suspended its
production operations in Q1 to divert the oxygen available from the industrial use of medical
purposes. Additionally, the Company realized the critical importance of rapidly installing PSA
oxygen plants to produce life-saving oxygen. The Company decided to collaborate with its
supplier partners to help quickly scale up the domestic manufacturing of PSA oxygen generator
plants. The Company along with vendor partners also donated 25 PSA oxygen generator plants
to various government hospitals in the country. Also, the Company together with the help of its
parent Company, Suzuki Motor Corporation, donated 1,000 oxygen cylinders to various
government hospitals.
Page | 2
MSIL conference call transcript, 28th July, 2021The Company accords utmost priority towards ensuring the safety of health for all its value chain
members. The Company collaborated with its value chain partners to quickly revise the standard
operating procedures so as to minimize the risk of infection spread.
Also, COVID-19 vaccination camps are being organized for employees including their families.
Besides, the Company is also facilitating its value chain partners and business associates in this
regard. The Company will continue to observe all COVID-19 SOPs and precautions, be sensitive
to the human and social element, build an environment of positivity and keep working hard as
its bit in these difficult times.
Let us start with some recent Business Highlights and Milestones.
With its sustained effort and focus, the Company has attained the mark of 50 lakh sales
cumulatively in non-urban markets with over 1,700 customized non-urban outlets across the
country. The Company was first to believe in the potential of up-country markets, at present
nearly 40% of the total MSIL sales comes from non-urban markets.
NEXA channel completed six years of offering new and innovative customer experience in July
2021.
The Company expanded Maruti Suzuki Smart Finance, an online end-to-end real-time car
financing service facility to pan India, thus providing the convenience of financing Maruti
Suzuki cars online from anywhere at any time.
The Company expanded the Subscription Service Program to 19 cities in the country.
Coming to the Business Performance, Q1 financial year 2021-22 was a challenging quarter,
marked with large-scale lockdown restrictions across the country. As a result, the Company
witnesses a significant disruption in its business operations. During the quarter, the production
operation started to recover in June 2021 from the lows of May 2021. With the gradual ease of
lockdown restrictions in some parts of the country, the sales operations started to recover in the
later part of June 2021.
The Company also posed tie-ups with financiers to support dealer partners in inventory
financing. On demand side, the customer preference towards CNG continue to increase.
During the quarter, the Company faced supply side issues including global semiconductor
shortages. With a meticulous planning and by closely collaborating with supplier partners, the
Company was able to manage supply issues during the quarter. The third plant in SMG having
an annual production capacity of 250,000 units was made operational.
Additionally, the unprecedented and unabated increase in the prices of commodities continue to
exert significant cost pressure. The Company has stepped up its cost optimization program,
lowered the sales promotion and advertisement expenses to limit some of the adverse impact of
steep increase in commodity prices besides taking price increase carefully.
Page | 3
MSIL conference call transcript, 28th July, 2021Coming to Financial results, second wave of pandemic adversely impacted on the Q1 production
and sales. While all parameters this quarter was substantially better than Q1 of financial year
2021, a comparison is not meaningful because Q1 last year had a much higher degree of
disruption due to the pandemic. Sales in Q1 remained far below the previous high of Q1 of
financial year 2018-19.
The Company sold a total of 353,614 units during the quarter. Sales in the domestic market stood
at 308,095 units and exports were at 45,519 units. For reference, the total sales in Q1 financial
year '18-19 stood at 490,479 units.
During the same period previous year, the Company sold a total of 76,599 units including sales
of 67,027 units in domestic market and exports of 9,572 units.
During the Q1 of this year, the Company registered Net Sales of INR 167,987 million compared
to net sales of INR36,775 million in Q1 financial year 2021.
The Company made a Net Profit of INR 4,408 million in the Q1 of financial year 2021-22
compared to a loss of INR2,494 million in Q1 financial year 2020-21. The profit for the Q1 FY
2021-22 was primarily impacted due to lower sales volumes. Commodity prices increased
steeply but the Company continued to make efforts to reduce costs.
We are now ready to take your questions, feedback and any other observation that you may have.
Thank you.
