: The next question is from the line of Binay Singh from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Binay Singh: Will it be fair to assume that the third line in Gujarat would have added to cost but not contributed
to the top line?
Ajay Seth: So, the third line has just started in April and the production gradually ramps up and
unfortunately the first quarter was affected by COVID-19, and even Gujarat had some disruption
in the month of May. So, they are now gradually scaling up and as Shashank mentioned, demand
seems to be now looking much better. So, I think we'll be able to now ramp up capacity there
also, but we will gradually go from one shift to two shifts over a period. So, initially first year
normally the plant is utilized about half of the total capacity and in the next year we go up to the
full capacity, that's how it works.
Binay Singh: So, the question I was trying to get is that would it have a sizable impact on your gross margin
like any number you would want to quantify, the cost that came in because of the shift starting
into this quarter?
Ajay Seth: I think this question was asked earlier also and we said that there is an impact on depreciation
and fixed cost. Obviously, any new plant which is set up, will have a fixed cost and depreciation.
So, the fixed cost is part of the material cost which goes in there and depreciation is in the other
expenses. So, we don't have the exact numbers. Although sequentially if you see Q4 to Q1, other
expenses have come down, they are not going up, so there has been control on costs on all fronts,
and on material cost also there has been an increase but not so severe in spite of whatever I
mentioned on material cost.
Binay Singh: Secondly, we've seen that having models with higher ASP, more aspirational portfolio helps
companies offset these cost pressures. So, any sort of comments on the future model cycle of
Maruti?
Ajay Seth: We do not comment on any future models. There are obviously models in pipeline that you will
keep seeing year-on-year, but we do not comment on any model before we launch the model.
So, wait for the model launch and see what comes in this year, next year and thereafter.
Page | 10
MSIL conference call transcript, 28th July, 2021Binay Singh: We'll keenly await that. Lastly, any comments on the PLI scheme? I know what Suzuki’s joint
venture is doing for battery manufacturing in Gujarat, will that facility qualify for it, how are
you guys looking at the PLI on batteries?
Rahul Bharti: PLI is on the (ACC), Advanced Chemistry Cell which is the part of a battery and the first phase
of our TDSG plant we have already put up, it has been commissioned and we are running trial
productions now. The scheme is yet to come into force, and we are still discussing the details of
the scheme with NITI Aayog and the relevant government departments. But it should have a
positive impact on industry, and it should bring some capacity into India.
