: The next question is from the line of Ronak Sarda from Systematix. Please go ahead.
Ronak Sarda: First question is a clarification on the retail booking. Shashank mentioned that July retail booking
is largely flat on a month-on-basis, is that correct, and why is that so given production and
inventory would have picked up, is it some localized issues which is hurting the retail sales?
Shashank Srivastava: Retail week wise has been going up. So, I would guess by the end of this month, we should see
actually both retail and wholesale sequentially higher than June. I don't want to give a specific
estimate, but it should be quite above the June level.
Ronak Sarda: Is it possible to highlight what was the entire Q1 retail sales for Maruti?
Shashank Srivastava: In Q1 FY’22 for the Company the retail-sales was close to 200,000 units.
Ronak Sarda: If you can help us understand how the Company is now looking at the SUV segment given a
sharp expansion across different categories lately, all the large SUV launches have also been
doing very well, so if you can help us understand based on your customer interactions, the
feedback how do you see the SUV segment now and where do you see the growth coming
essentially in this segment?
Shashank Srivastava: SUV segment has been growing over the years; it was in FY 2019-20 only about 26% of the
industry, last year it touched 32%, in this quarter it was 37.9% so let's say 38%,. So, clearly there
is a lot of traction in this industry, mostly it is in the mid SUV and the entry SUV. The entry
SUV and the mid SUV are roughly equal in terms of volumes as far as the SUV segment is
concerned. For example, last year was the 16% for entry SUV and about 15% was mid-SUV.
So, you are right, while in entry SUV we have the Vitara Brezza which is the class leading with
the 1.5-liter K-Series BS-VI compliant engine, it's the market leader, it's still leading by far;
however, in the mid SUV segment, probably a weak spot for us because we have the S-Cross
which hasn't performed as well. So, yes, this is an upcoming segment and going forward we will
be taking a very close look at this segment as well in fact the entire SUV segment. It's difficult
for me to comment on the specific products or plan for the SUV segment.
Ronak Sarda: But what I was more trying to understand, where do you see the segment in next maybe three to
five years, do you think this can cross let's say 50% of the industry, are the customers feedback
Page | 11
MSIL conference call transcript, 28th July, 2021or interactions highlighting that huge shift or do you still think compact cars, or the premium
hatchback have an upper or deliver a better value versus a compact SUV?
Shashank Srivastava: You are very right. If I answer the first part of your question we believe the SUV segment
growing to around 42%, 43% in next five years but that is based on consumer understanding and
consumer surveys. And also, our look at the other countries which are seeing a similar pattern,
normally it plateaus around 41%, 42% and that's what we are seeing in India as well. That's the
first part. On the second part of your question of the premium hatchback, cross consideration
between premium hatchback and the entry level and even the mid SUV, you are right there also,
there seems to have been a bigger price overlap especially with the entry SUV the sub-4 meter
because of tax considerations, the price overlap is quite large, and we have seen a cross
consideration increasing from roughly about 14% a couple of years back to almost 30% between
premium hatch and the SUV. So, yes, a part of those volumes is being driven from the premium
hatches, but we also believe that a large part of it is coming from the Sedan segment which has
seen a dramatic growth downwards; Sedan segment as you know was 23% about five years back,
now it's just under 10% in this quarter. So, I think the significant shift has happened from the
Sedan to the SUV.
