: The next question is from the line of Pramod Amthe from InCred Capital. Please go ahead.
Pramod Amthe: Two questions: One, specific to Mr.Ajay Seth. The employee cost seems to be pretty high
considering the volume shrinkage which has happened on the QoQ basis. Any one-offs because
of COVID or any issue and which you expect to ease off?
Ajay Seth: One, of course is the base effect because the overall sales volume were down compared to Q4 if
you see. So, that's one impact. Also, there has been some impact on account of COVID-related
Page | 5
MSIL conference call transcript, 28th July, 2021expenditure that we've incurred earlier in the quarter, expense with respect to vaccination and
number of cases which were to be hospitalized, so there is an expense to that extent. So, I think
these are some of these exceptional items which have come in here because of which there is a
slight increase that you see. Some of them will not be repetitive if COVID situation normalizes
but some may continue if we have a third wave of COVID. So, in this scheme, I think about
~INR 30 crores of expenditures has been put in which is not repetitive in nature. Other than that,
the normal increments and this year also we have a wage settlement, so provision is included in
the employee cost that you see.
Pramod Amthe: Second is to Shashank sir. Considering that unprecedented commodity costs are leading to
quarterly price upward revisions, I want to understand your ground level check in terms of how
are consumers adjusting to this reality, one? And considering that this may come to haunt you
or the overall industry in coming months in terms of demand challenges, how do you plan to
handle to cushion this on the consumer total cost of ownership?
Shashank Srivastava: Thank you for that question and yes, we have to walk that fine line as I say between the top line
and the bottom line and that's what we are trying to do. I think Seth san just mentioned that we
have to take a calibrated view that we cannot pass on the entire cost increase due to the material
cost going up to the consumer because you may disturb the stability of the demand itself. So,
yes, we do take segment-by-segment, the demand patterns and see how much the consumers can
absorb of the substantial material costs which have gone up and we have calibrated that and that
is why you see apart from the increase of I think ~1.3% of ex-showroom price or so in January,
we have taken another increase of ~1.6% of ex-showroom price in April. In July also, we have
taken a small increase and going forward we will watch how the material costs move to calibrate
further increases in the prices.
