: The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Gunjan Prithyani: Two questions from my side: Firstly, on this chip shortages which you alluded in your initial
remarks, is this something to call out that we should keep in mind for the next couple of quarters
that it will have an impact on the production side?
Rahul Bharti: There is this element of uncertainty and fortunately till now we have been doing well as
compared to what we hear about many other auto companies both in India and the world. So,
the problem is expected to continue for at least a year or so. And so far we have been able to
manage, and we'll have to keep studying the situation.
Gunjan Prithyani: As of now, we don't anticipate at least in the foreseeable future that we would have a disruption
on that account, is that a fair assessment?
Shashank Srivastava: To further add to what Rahul just said actually Maruti Suzuki has been doing rather better on
this front for the simple reason that we have a wide portfolio, as you know, different models
require different electronics. So, what we have been doing is adjusting our production with those
variants which may not require the specific chips which are in shortage. So, I think that is the
reason why so far we have done well as far as production goes and I think going forward the
situation should improve once the global supplies of the chips also increase.
Gunjan Prithyani: The second question I had was if you can talk about the inventory levels, the order book that we
have now and the royalty number?
Shashank Srivastava: For the order book, as of today, we have about 170,000 or so pending bookings that is the total
orders which are pending for delivery at the moment. For the stock levels and the network, we
have roughly about 135,000 to 138,000 vehicles which is equal to probably at Q4 levels of retail,
about 27 days of stock.
Ajay Seth: Royalty for the quarter is under 4%.
Page | 8
MSIL conference call transcript, 28th July, 2021Gunjan Prithyani: I don't know if you can because there's so many moving parts to the margin, right, there is
commodity, there is pricing, there was phase-3 and then FX. If you can just give us some sense
on the mapping maybe quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year as to how each of these elements
moved, I mean, of course, the quantified commodity is 3.5%, but some of the other variables if
you can give us some sense it will be really great?
Ajay Seth: If you look at it sequentially, there are two big elements; one is of course the volumes and
therefore operating leverage which itself is about 4%. And the second one is as we mentioned is
the commodities which is about 3.5%. So, these are the two big ones that have impacted us. And
as we are able to now get to the capacity utilization level closer to 100% or 90% whatever the
numbers depending on the market I think we will get some benefits from operating leverage if
not full, at least bulk of it and similarly when commodity prices correct, I think that also will
help us and second is as Shashank san mentioned whatever is possible in terms of price increase
I think those actions are also being taken to mitigate whatever extent we can by passing on some
of the commodity increase, if not entire, which already happened in the past few occasions. We
had mentioned we did one price increase this year in April and we did another price increase in
July.
