: The next question is from the line of Nishit Jalan from Axis Capital. Please go ahead.
Nishit Jalan: My question is that if I do some calculations based on the discount number that we have shared
and the wholesale and retail volumes that we have, our average discount per vehicle on the retail
level comes out to be about INR 20,800 in this quarter versus around INR17,000 to INR 17,500
in the last quarter. So, the discount levels have gone up essentially by almost INR 3,000 to INR
3,500 in a scenario where basically commodity prices are already rising, people are looking for
price increase and secondly you had a decent order book and the demand environment was
improving, so wanted to understand what is the key reason for that basically are we focusing too
much on volumes because the demand pull is so low that you have to get so much higher
discounts or basically is there something that you are looking at?
Shashank Srivastava: If I get the question right, you are saying that there was a very high per unit retail basis sales
promotion. Actually, I'm not sure where you got this calculation from because while we calculate
based on the wholesale, the wholesale has come down actually to less than INR 14,000 which
was about INR 23,800 in 2019-20, INR 18,000 in 2018-19 and so on. So, on that basis it's
actually come down dramatically. And on the retail front also, we have brought down the sales
promotion. So, I'm not sure where that INR 17,000 – INR 18,000 came from.
Nishit Jalan: Maybe I can take it offline just to explain you this quarter, the wholesales gets closer to 300,000
units, while retails were around 200,000 units and the wholesale discount was 14,000. So, based
on that mathematics basically the discounts at retail level comes closer to about 21,000. And
similarly in the last quarter also you have shared your retails and wholesale numbers. And if I
do similar number calculations over there, then the discount at retail levels for the last quarter
comes out to be about INR 17,500.
Ajay Seth: I think it would be more appropriate to see that in year's level because every quarter you will
have some gap between wholesale and retail that would be there but I think it would be more
appropriate to see what is the discount level at the end of the year and I think we will get to the
numbers because we are also very tightly controlling the discounts now and the sales promotion
or the discounts that we're giving is totally linked to what's essential and not just throwing away
discounts anywhere and everywhere. I understand what you are saying in terms of retail and
Page | 14
MSIL conference call transcript, 28th July, 2021wholesale, but let's look at the full year and then see the impact of discounts in terms of the trend,
in terms of how it moves, so that will give you a more realistic picture. Sometimes you have this
mismatch because of certain events and certain situations but full year will give you a better
picture.
Nishit Jalan: Obviously, you are working on cost reduction efforts. We have heard from some of the two-
wheeler OEMs that they have kind of working on reducing costs on the catalytic converter side
by changing the mix and site from rhodium to palladium, palladium to platinum of that sort. So,
just wanted to understand your thoughts because PGM has been one of the major worry for the
industry and inflation on that front continues to be unabated, right. So, anything you can share
on that as to where we are on that or maybe in the coming quarters we should see some benefit
coming from that kind of some effort that you are making in terms of reducing cost?
Rahul Bharti: It's already an idea which is being worked upon and it's already in process. I should also tell you
that because of the FTA that we have, we are being able to import the precious group metals at
a lower rate of duty.
