
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please
go ahead.
Gaurav Rateria
Congrats on great execution. The first question is on the BFSI. We have seen a sharp recovery
in North America Financial Services revenues compared to pre-COVID level, whereas Europe
is still just about to recover to the same level. So, is it fair to say the entire market share gain is
largely concentrated in North America, why there is a dichotomy? Any color on that would be
helpful.
Pravin Rao
19A big part of the growth has definitely come from North America and primarily in sub-
segments like banking, mortgages and wealth and retirement services.
Gaurav Rateria
My question was why there is dichotomy in the performance between Europe and North
America?
Pravin Rao
No, I think it is mostly to do with maybe lesser demand in some of the banking clients in Europe
and in some cases, we have won the deals. There is a delay in ramp-up as well. So, I do not
think it is a secular trend because, in this space, in the last 6-8 quarter, we have demonstrated
a strong growth consistently. And there have been times when we have seen growth led by U.S.
side of the equation and there have been times when we have seen much stronger growth in
Europe and Asia Pacific. So, it is not a secular trend. We are not seeing any specific softness
or anything with any specific clients in Europe. It is more a question of delayed ramp-up and
things like that.
Gaurav Rateria
Second question is on margins. What really are the drivers that can take you to the upper end
of the guidance for the full year? What would be those two or three key factors? Is it growth
coming towards the upper end of the guidance? Is the digital continuing to grow at this kind of
rate? Just trying to understand what are the variables which can take you to the upper end of
the guidance. Thank you.
Nilanjan Roy
I think we have given overall guidance of 22% to 24% and not what is going to be the quartile
of that, and we remain quite confident to operate within this. Our levers are quite well known.
We have mentioned about automation, the mix, the pyramid, subcon, operating leverage. You
are seeing a lot of benefit of operating leverage over the last year itself on our bottomline. So,
there have been multiple levers. We are quite confident without giving any quarterly targets.
20