Salil Parekh
Thanks Rishi. Good afternoon. Thank you all for joining us today. I trust each of you and your
families are safe and well. It is wonderful to be back on our campus and also to be with Pravin
and Nilanjan in person after five quarters, of course at a safe social distance.
I am delighted to share with you, that we have had a landmark first quarter with robust YoY
growth of 16.9% and sequential growth of 4.8% in constant currency terms. This is the fastest
growth we have seen in 10 years. We continue to gain significant market share with this growth
being essentially organic and especially in the area of digital transformation. This is a clear
reflection of Infosys’ resilience and client relevance that has grown stronger with the
unwavering commitments of our employees and our differentiated digital portfolio. I would
like to thank all our employees for their incredible dedication especially during another testing
period with the second COVID wave in India.
Some of the highlights of our results are:
1. Our Digital business grew by 42% YoY and now constitutes 53.9% of our revenues.
32. We had broad-based growth across all our sectors, service lines and geographies.
Financial Services grew by 23%, Retail 22%, Life Sciences 21%, and Manufacturing
19%, the North America geography by 21%.
3. Our large deals were at $2.6 bn, large deals are deals over $50mn in value.
4. Operating margins were strong at 23.7%.
5. We had tremendous focus on our employees especially related to their well-being and
to new talent expansion. We had a net headcount increase of 8,000 attracting leading
talent from the market. We remain comfortable with our ability to support our clients
in their digital transformation journey.
With a strong start to the financial year, good large deals in Q1, strong pipeline, we are
increasing our annual revenue guidance for growth from 12% to 14% moving up to 14% to
16% in constant currency. Our operating margin guidance remains unchanged at 22% to 24%.
Let me pause here and hand it back to Rishi and then let us open it up for questions.