
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from Bank of Montreal. Please
go ahead.
Keith Bachman
Thank you very much. I wanted to ask about the margin guidance for the current fiscal year. If
you take the guidance range of 22% to 24%, I just wondered if you could break down what are
the key drivers for the year-over-year decline from what you already reported for FY21. I am
just wondering if you could break that down into the bigger pieces. What I am really trying to
understand is how much wage inflation is impacting margins guidance for the year versus other
factors such as mix and particularly of the ramping of the large new deals. If there is any kind
of comments you could help us understand. And then I have a follow-up question, please?
Nilanjan Roy
Like I said, it is important firstly to go back even before the pandemic into FY20 in a way when
we had given this comfort range of 21% to 23%. And as we moved into FY21, like I mentioned
earlier in the call, we saw a lot of these one-off benefits. It was the discretionary spend, travel
came down quite sharply, facilities costs as people started working from home, marketing, the
deferral of the pay hike in the last year, the promotions. Therefore, although we were at 24.5%,
we were clear at starting the guidance at the beginning of the year that this would fall with the
headwinds coming up of this year, as many of these costs revert back to normal. We rolled out
our pay hikes in January and again in July, both of which factored in. And therefore, our
guidance of 22% to 24% versus the 24.5% was clearly reflective of these headwinds coming
17up. I think more than once we have talked about it. As we look ahead, we have factored in both
the wage hikes. Yes, wage is always the number one player in margins. We do not split out the
impact of wage or deal mixes. But nevertheless, the largest impact on the margin movement
on a YoY basis will be on wages. Despite this, we know we are very comfortable within the
22% to 24%. The levers which we continue to employ - automation is a massive lever in terms
of our cost optimization - of taking out people from projects and redeploying them, the onsite
offshore mixes. I think we are unique in creating an onsite pyramid. Historically, most IT
services companies have steep onsite pyramid. Our six hubs in the U.S., near shore businesses,
I think that helps us build a flatter pyramid in a way, mimicking what we have in the offshore
geographies. We are going to hire 3,000 freshers from outside of India. So, all these will help
us in the future in terms of taking some of the pressure out of these headwinds which are coming
our way.
Keith Bachman
Thank you very much. My follow-up question if I could, is similar as you think about the year
unfolding, do you think attrition moves lower from here or stays the same or goes up? Similarly,
as you think about the onsite mix has continued to move lower, so your offshore mix continues
to move higher, how do you think that unfolds through the year? Does that mix of onshore
onsite stay where it is, becomes more favorable or any comments on how attrition and onsite
offshore mix might move as we look toward the balance of the fiscal year? That is it for me.
Many thanks.
Nilanjan Roy
I think on the attrition, like I said, I would rather be in a situation where demand is chasing
supply than the other way around. Therefore, that is fundamentally good news for the industry.
I think it is important to realize that it takes time for the supply chain of the industry to catch
up. Fundamentally, the net new demand can be in a way serviced through fresh accounts, right.
Otherwise, it is zero sum game, my attrition is somebody else’s lateral and somebody else’s
attrition is my lateral. So fundamentally, the only way this demand can be serviced is through
freshers and as you know most of the freshers historically, the college campus freshers are in a
way contracted six months or a year out. It is only now that as the demand has suddenly surged
that we are looking at new ways of getting freshers on. In the last call, we had mentioned we
18would take 25,000 freshers. We have upped that up to 35,000 freshers and started a completely
new parallel fresher hiring program off campus. So, I think there will be some short-term gaps
in terms of when the supply chain sort of adjusts itself. But like I said, this is good news, if
fundamentally there is this a large exposure of demand, which you are seeing across. So, in
that sense, our job is fundamentally to continue feeding this demand, whether it is through the
freshers or through subcons or through the laterals and I think we have already hired 8,000 net
despite the attrition in the quarter.
The second part of the question, we have seen this massive change over the last three years.
Firstly, it came from 30% to 27% and within one year from 27% to 24% and again we talked
about it earlier in our guidance that we would probably see a little bit of this easing out as
travel, etc. open up. But I think the secular trend should continue in the long run and a big
impact of the COVID has been that clients have been able to see that work can be performed
across the globe. It necessarily does not have to be done by their own workforce. They have
seen it with us that work does not have to necessarily be performed in front of them onsite, on-
prem. It can be same time zone, different locations, same time zone near-shore. It can be
offshore. I think that in the long run, it is positive for the outsourcing industry. So, we think
secularly this should improve. But in the short-term, there can be these stops and gaps as well.
