
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from ICICI Securities.
Please go ahead.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Yes. Good evening gentlemen. Congrats on a great quarter. My first question is to Salil. Salil,
until GFC also, Infosys was holding the pole position in the IT industry in terms of growth. But
the next decade has not really panned out the way one would have hoped for. Again, over the
last couple of years, even before the start of COVID and, of course, after the start of the
pandemic as well, Infosys has been outperforming competition on growth and that too by a
wide margin. And you have been confidently talking about market share gains from
13competition. So how confident are you on sustainably driving the company to the pole position
once again over the next decade?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for your question. I think the way we are looking at this is, this growth, 16.9%, 4.8%
is really the fastest in the past 10-11 years. It is essentially organic growth. We feel extremely
good because that is a good metric. The clients are preferring Infosys and that is the ultimate
test in this market. So, we feel comfortable that the capabilities that we have built in our digital
portfolio and this extreme dedication of our employees in a very difficult period over the last
several quarters, is combining to give us that outcome. So, the focus remains on client
relevance, and therefore, the outcome metric is growth. We will see how the pole position thing
plays out over time.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Over the previous decade, whenever things started looking up, we faced some or the other
hiccups. But this time around how confident are we that it will not be the case and there will
not be any such risks. And probably the entire focus will be on achieving industry leadership?
Salil Parekh
Our focus is to keep our attention to clients. We have an extremely motivated leadership team.
The Board is extremely supportive, very strategically minded and really give good guidance
and support to the management team and the broad leadership. So, my own sense is we keep
this attention to our clients and building out the digital capability and the rest will follow from
that.
