
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please
go ahead.
Sandeep Shah
Thanks for the opportunity. The question is, sorry to, again, harp on the margin. Just wanted to
understand, is it the guidance factoring in some amount of price increase maybe in the later
part of this financial year or the margin guidance is independent of this? Because if I look at
wage hikes still have not come into the numbers, attrition is going up, utilization at all-time
high, even the offshoring looks at all-time high. So, just wanted to understand the guidance is
taking in some pricing increase or it is independent of the same? And second, a bookkeeping
question. If I look at the unbilled revenue in this quarter on a Q-on-Q basis has gone up by 12%
point, anything to read in the same those free cash flow generation continues to go up?
Nilanjan Roy
I think on the margin side, like I said, there are continuous levers, which we have, the pyramid,
on-site offshore, pricing, subcon, operating leverage and I think all of that is built into our
models and how we look for the quarter and ahead. On that basis, we are quite comfortable in
the 22% to 24% range as some of these cost headwinds come as well. So, I think that we are
quite clear on that. The second question on the unbilled, I think there is some seasonality always
which we see in Q1. Usually, that starts tapering out. So, nothing really concerning and you
have seen the overall free cash flow. Our DSO has come down as well. On a percentage of
revenue, we are same as the previous year as well.
Sandeep Shah
So Nilanjan, just a clarification, so, in your guidance on the margin, you are baking in some
pricing increase for FY22?
23Nilanjan Roy
Yes. So, a lot of things is going on. It is not like I know what is going to be the pricing
environment in the fourth quarter. We know some of the initiatives on pricing. Some of them
will come through. Some of them would not come through. There will be some new cost
pressures. There will be other levers. So, you have to be dynamic and put it in our industry to
continue to manage that and you use probabilities of what can work, what do not work. Some
levers will over-deliver. Some will under-deliver, so all that is factored in as we forecast for
the year ahead.
