
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Diviya Nagarajan from UBS. Please go ahead.
Diviya Nagarajan
11Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a very strong quarter and the guidance raise.
Just a follow-up to the earlier question on pricing, I noticed that you are talking about structural
movements in pricing. But in the press conference, Salil has pointed out that pricing was more
or less stable. I am trying to understand why we would not be seeing a better pricing
environment given how strong demand is and the fact that there is a fair amount of supply
pressure across pretty much every part of the digital value chain? That is my first question.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Diviya. This is Salil. The point we made earlier in the press conference, the question
was on how we have seen the pricing in Q1 from what we see in terms of large deals and past
interactions. Your point here in terms of what is the opportunity to see some pricing power and
also building on the previous question. I think as Nilanjan was sharing with you, we believe
we have an extremely differentiated digital portfolio and we believe that creates a lot of value
for our clients. We are active in making sure that we demonstrate and communicate that value.
We will now see over time - because of the supply concern but also because of the digital value
- how that translates. That is one of the strategic levers that Nilanjan has talked about - we have
all talked about in the past. We feel that, among others, gives us good comfort for our guidance
band, 22% to 24% on operating margin. We will see how that plays out and especially with the
supply constraint, if that gives us more leverage in the future, of course, that will be reflected
in what we see in the business.
Diviya Nagarajan
Got it. I noticed that the net new deals were a little bit on the lower side compared to what you
have done in the last few quarters. While I do appreciate this is a quarter and you could have
fluctuations, how do you see the deal pipeline on your net new TCV for the rest of the year,
please?
Salil Parekh
Diviya, you are absolutely right. I think these are quarterly fluctuations. We look to those stats
on a longer timeframe. We saw last year the net new was significant as we look at the overall
annual number.
12The pipeline looks good and strong. There is good focus on new deals. There is also, of course,
good focus on ensuring we continue where we are and expand into that portfolio. So, no visible
markers to change that. We will probably look to replicate what we have done in the past few
years where net new has been a critical factor. It remains something we look at proactively into
the pipeline.
Diviya Nagarajan
Sorry, but just a quick follow-up to that. Has the number of mega deals in the pipeline gone up
in the last year few quarters for you?
Salil Parekh
So there, Diviya, we do not provide more color on the specifics of the pipeline. Suffice it to
say that the overall value of the pipeline is extremely good, nice increase from the previous
quarter, and we see that continuing to increase. And the pipeline is comprised of a mix of the
different types of large deals, let us call it, medium, the large and the very large.
Diviya Nagarajan
Thank you. I will come back to follow-up, if there is time. I wish you all the best for the rest of
the year.
