
We will move to the next question. The next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from
Ambit Capital. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Mehta
Thanks for the opportunity. One question in terms of the guidance, so if I presume Daimler has
not contributed to revenues till now and even if I build in the numbers that are appearing in the
press for that deal, the implied CQGR over the next three quarters appears to be pretty soft at
between 0.6% to 1.8%. So, are we building in some conservativeness in terms of our guidance
or anything that that makes us a little cautious here?
Salil Parekh
15So, as you have seen on revenue growth guidance, we have increased it by 2% points, 12% -
14% to 14% - 16%. It is demonstrating our confidence in what is going on with respect to the
demand outlook and with respect to the deals that we have done, of course, this quarter and
also in the past. On the specific clients and their revenue mix, I would not comment, but I will
say that we do not see really any softness in the coming quarters.
Ashwin Mehta
Thanks a lot. Given the fact that you have largely added freshers this quarter and you are
expecting the supply side pressures or attrition to increase further, do you think the
subcontracting expenses will further get elevated from where they are?
Salil Parekh
So, on the subcontractors, we today have an extremely attractive talent proposition, where, as
you saw with the 8,000 people we added - net additions, we are managing extremely well to
attract good talent. What we will ensure to do over this next quarter and, of course, in the
quarters to come is to make sure that we are at the forefront of fulfilling the demand. In terms
of subcontractors, we do not specifically model or forecast that, whether it is up or down but
we have the flexibility to do all of that, plus our cost levers and margin levers to ensure that
our guidance will be in the range that we have given of 22% to 24%.
Ashwin Mehta
Also, Salil, just a follow-up to this, you had around 8,000 people getting added from what I
heard, if I heard it correctly, there were 10,000 freshers on-boarded this quarter. So essentially,
the hiring seems to be largely freshers, and they will possibly take some time in terms of
becoming productive. So, do you think, near-term, the hiring will be much more skewed
towards lateral to fulfill the demand that we are seeing?
Nilanjan Roy
While you are seeing the figure of fresher of 10,000, there is a big lateral hiring as well and
attrition is of course for laterals as freshers don’t resign. So, in that sense, we have a strong
engine. The first one is freshers, that are followed by laterals and then, the top-up in a way is
16the subcon. So, all the three we accelerate. Like I said, it is important to meet demand now.
That is critical and the good thing is we have not let down any of our clients. Salil talked about
earlier that we are seeing strong demand outlook and a lot of clients who we have met as I
mentioned and therefore, very important to get that out of the door and then figure out our cost
structure, subcons, etc., in due course. And I think that is something we are quite comfortable
with. We continue to remain a brand of choice for new talent, and that is a strong proposition
which we have.
