
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Infosys Earnings Conference Call. As a
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will an opportunity for
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr.
Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you Sir!
Sandeep Mahindroo
Thanks Margreth. Hello everyone and welcome to Infosys Earnings Call to discuss Q1 FY22
Earnings Release. I am Sandeep from the investor relations team in Bengaluru.
Joining us today on this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; COO, Mr. Pravin Rao; CFO,
Mr. Nilanjan Roy; along with other members of the senior management team.
We will start the call with some color on the performance of the company by Salil, Pravin and
Nilanjan, before opening the call for questions.
Please note that anything that we say, which refers to our outlook for the future is a forward-
looking statement, which must be read in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. A
complete statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC,
which can be found on www.sec.gov.
I would now like to pass it on to Salil.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Sandeep.
Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call. Thank you for joining us today. I
trust each of you and your families are safe and well.
3I am delighted to share with you that we have had a landmark first quarter, with robust YoY
growth of 16.9% and sequential growth of 4.8% in constant currency terms. This has been the
fastest growth we have seen in 10 years.
We continue to gain significant market share with this growth being essentially organic and
especially in the area of digital transformation. This is a clear reflection of Infosys’ resilience
and client relevance that has grown stronger with the unwavering commitments of our
employees and our differentiated digital portfolio.
I would like to thank all our employees for their enormous dedication and contribution
especially during another testing period with the second COVID wave in India.
Some of the highlights of our results are:
1. Revenues were $3.78 bn, which is a growth of 16.9% YoY and 4.8% sequentially in
constant currency.
2. Our digital business grew by 42% YoY and now constitutes 53.9% of our overall revenues.
3. We had broad-based growth across all our sectors, service lines and geographies.
4. Financial Services grew by 23%, Retail 22%, Life Sciences 21%, Manufacturing 19%, the
North American geography by 21%.
5. Our large deals were at $2.6 bn; large deals are deals over $50 mn in value.
6. Operating margins were strong at 23.7%.
7. We had a tremendous focus on our employee, especially related to the well-being and to
the new talent expansion approach that we have with employees.
8. Free cash flow was strong at $863 mn, 18.5% higher than the same quarter in the previous
year.
9. Attrition increased to 13.9%.
10. We had a net headcount increase of 8,000, attracting leading talent from the market. We
remain comfortable with our ability to support our clients in their digital transformation
journey.
Our sustained approach in building differentiated digital capabilities is helping us enable our
clients to move with speed, becoming agile and create value as they connect with their
customers, employees and partners with new digital constructs. For example, with the Cloud
4becoming a strategic priority for businesses, more clients across industries are engaging with
us to take advantage of Infosys Cobalt solutions and services specialized on the Cloud.
With a strong start to the financial year, good large deals in Q1, strong pipeline, we are
increasing our annual revenue growth guidance, which was at 12% - 14%, to 14% - 16% growth
in constant currency. Our operating margin guidance remains unchanged at 22% - 24%.
Last week, Infosys completed 40 years. I am delighted to share with you the vision of our
founders and all the leaders that have helped shape the company are contributing to us being
well-positioned for growth and being a strong and consistent partner for our clients in their
digital transformation journeys. I would like to thank the founders, employees, clients,
shareholders and all our stakeholders for their ongoing guidance, support and contribution.
With that, let me turn it over to Pravin.
Pravin Rao
Thank you, Salil. Hello, everyone. Hope you and your family are well, safe and healthy.
After a period of extremely concerning medical situation caused by the second wave of
pandemic, India is gradually returning to normalcy. We have been extremely focused on
employee well-being, extending every possible help to overcome any medical situation of our
employees. We have ramped up vaccination drive for employees and their families. And so far,
we have vaccinated 58% of our employees in India with at least one shot.
We saw a sustained growth acceleration in Q1 with YoY constant currency growth of 16.9%.
Growth was broad-based with 7 industry segments reporting strong double-digit growth,
including the two largest, Financial Services and Retail, growing more than 20% YoY.
Operating parameters continued to improve during the quarter.
• Utilization improved further to new all-time high of 88.5%.
• Onsite effort mix reduced further to a new low of 24.1%.
However, subcon cost increased by 120bps due to stronger than expected growth, high attrition
and demand for niche skills.
5We won 22 large deals in Q1, totaling $2.6 bn - 9 in Financial Services, 4 each in Retail and
Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services, 2 in Manufacturing and 1 each in Communications,
Hi-Tech and Life Sciences segments. Region wise – 14 were from Americas, 5 were from
Europe, 2 from RoW and 1 from India. The share of new deals in Q1 was 30%.
Client metrics improved meaningfully with $100mn clients count increasing to 34, an increase
of 9 YoY. We added 113 new clients in the last quarter.
With growth coming back, demand for top talent has also increased. Voluntary last 12-months
attrition increased from 10.9% last quarter to 13.9% in Q1. However, we not only backfilled
attrition completely, but also added another 8,300 employees on a net basis, which is a
testimony to the strength of recruitment engine at Infosys and our status as a sought-after
employer.
We are taking all necessary measures to enhance employee value proposition and improve both
talent acquisition and retention. However, we expect attrition to be high in the near-term due
to strong demand.
In Q1, we on-boarded over 10,000 college graduates and for the full year, we have increased
the college graduate hiring target to 35,000 globally to ensure unconstrained client deliveries.
As communicated earlier, the salary revision for fiscal 2022 will kick off from July for majority
of our employees.
Moving to business segments.
Industry-leading performance in Financial Services continued with steady increase in growth
momentum aided by signings during the quarter. Growth is led by U.S., especially in
subsegments like Banking, Mortgages, Wealth and Retirement Services. With the gradual
opening of the economy, we are also seeing significant improvement in the Payments sector.
There is visible acceleration in cloud adoption and we are working with many of our clients on
cloud migration, cloud management and other cloud-related platform deals. With the
combination of our domain + tech + ops + digital capabilities, we are well-positioned as a full
stack digital transformation player.
6Performance of the Retail segment improved meaningfully with both new deal signings during
the quarter as well as ramp-up of previous deal wins. We are seeing aggressive investments by
clients to uplift their digital capabilities. There is a huge opportunity for us to help them build
omnichannel capabilities to compete with the digital native and right-size their cost structures.
Clients continue to invest in analytics across supply chain, trade promotion fulfillment,
personalization using new age tools that drive heavy analytics with a fraction of the cost.
Communications segment performance improved compared to the previous quarter due to the
combination of fresh signings and ramp up of prior won deal. With COVID accelerating the
need for better connectivity, we are seeing improving deployment of 5G across the world. We
are working with our customers in advanced IoT use cases and products.
Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services vertical grew strong double-digits, along with
impressive deal wins during the quarter. The overall outlook is improving across subsectors
and geographies we operate. Clients are slowly getting back to normalized levels of
discretionary spending, especially in areas involving customer experience, operational
efficiency and associated legacy transformation. Cybersecurity is also becoming important
with recent incidents in Energy and Utilities segments.
Growth in Manufacturing segment was strong with tailwinds from deal wins in the past few
quarters. Infosys grew market share through the pandemic across all sectors in Automotive,
Aerospace and Industrial. We see emerging opportunities on various trends in the ER&D space
resulting from increased spending on Digital in areas like Industrial IoT, Cloud adoption,
IT/OT integration – making the manufacturing value chain smarter and faster. As mentioned
earlier, we expect Daimler deal to start ramping up in the weeks ahead.
Life Sciences segment also continued to grow at strong double-digit rates. Our recent offerings
like personalized medicine solutions for complex biotherapies, commercial insights platform
to help drive commercial efficiencies and digital health platform for patient engagement
initiatives would help in accelerating digital adoption across pharma value chain.
Share of digital to overall revenues increased further to 53.9% in Q1, with very strong growth
of 42.1% YoY in constant currency terms. There is a pent-up demand to restart delayed
projects, in addition to the continuation of the pandemic-related drive towards digital
7transformation of enterprise infrastructure and customer experience. Clients have recognized
that some of the adaptations they have made to their business are going to be permanent, and
they are increasing their investment in digital channels and self-service products and tools.
In the last quarter, Infosys was ranked as leader in 10 digital service-related capabilities across
Cloud Services, Modernization, Artificial Intelligence and Supply Chain by industry analysts.
With that, I will hand over to Nilanjan.
Nilanjan Roy
Thanks, Pravin. Hello, everyone and thank you for joining the call. I trust each of you and your
families are safe and well.
We are encouraged with our Q1 performance which had significant and broad-based
acceleration in growth as we begin the year. At 4.8% CC growth, we clocked the highest
sequential Q1 revenue growth in the last 11 years. On a YoY basis, revenue growth accelerated
to 16.9% in constant currency terms, which is the highest growth in any quarter over the last
10 years. This growth is on the back of a relatively strong Q1 FY21 performance, which was
the peak of pandemic-induced revenue impact.
Operating margin for Q1 was 23.7% and increased by 100 basis points over Q1 FY21, while
being 80 basis points lower compared to Q4 FY21. The major components of the sequential
movement were:
• 10-basis-point benefit due to currency movement,
• 40-basis point benefit due to increase in utilization
These benefits were offset by
• 50-basis-point impact due to increase in subcon and third-party costs, and
• 80 basis points impact due to costs primarily related to employee hiring, promotions,
retention and well-being costs.
EPS grew by 26.1% in dollar terms and 22.6% in INR on a YoY basis.
8DSOs for the quarter improved by one day to 70 on the back of robust collections.
Consequently, free cash flow continued to increase and was $863 mn in Q1, an increase of
18.5% YoY. FCF conversion stood at 122% of net profit.
Driven by healthy cash generation, consolidated cash and investments was $5.076 bn, after
returning approximately $1 bn of final dividend and initiation of buyback.
Consequently, ROE increased to 29.3% in Q1 compared to 27.4% in Q4. I am happy to share
that ROE has increased by over 3.4% in last two years, driven by a robust capital allocation
policy.
Yield on cash balance continued to decline, the yield was 4.9% in Q1 compared to 5.1% in Q4
and 6.1% in Q1 last fiscal.
Now let me talk about the progress made on the buyback plan. We initiated share buyback on
June 25 after securing shareholder approval during the AGM on June 19. Out of the maximum
buyback size of Rs.9,200 Crores, till June 30, we had completed Rs.690 Crores or
approximately 7.5% of the buyback by end of Q1. During this period, we bought back 4.4 mn
shares at an average price of Rs.1,572. Till date, we have completed Rs.1,542 Crores of share
buybacks and bought back 9.8 mn shares at an average price of Rs.1,569.
As the pandemic situation is improving in many parts of the world and businesses slowly return
to normalcy, we expect some of the discretionary costs, including travel, facilities, etc, to start
normalizing in the coming quarters. In Q2, we will also rollout compensation hikes for majority
of employees. With the talent market remaining heated, we are anticipating continuing costs
relating to employee retention, acquisition, and well-being in the short-term. However, given
our focus on structural levers to improve efficiency and cost structure, we remain confident of
our margin guidance band of 22% - 24% for the full year.
Driven by strong Q1 and visibility driven by deal signings, backed by robust deal pipeline, we
are increasing our revenue growth guidance for the year to 14% - 16% from 12% - 14%
previously.
With that, we can open the call for questions.
9