
Thank you. The next question is from Reema Tendulkar from CNBC-TV18. Reema please
unmute and ask your question.
Reema Tendulkar
Thank you very much for that. Salil my first question is on deal wins. Deal wins have fallen
by 25% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Can that be read as a reflection of slowing demand, the
uncertain economic environment which you refer to because deals wins are seen as a proxy
for future growth so can you talk about what is happening on the deal front and the deal
pipeline? And Nilanjan can we take Q1 margins at 20%, have they bottomed out and what
5would be the outlook from here on because there will be some further hiccups on account of
wage hike and do you think you will be able to hire more than 50,000 freshers given the
supply crunch that you are facing? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for the question. On the deal wins we see there are large deals which are always
volatile - some quarters high, some quarters low - because these are deals which are typically
over $50 mn in size for us and we have had a good number in terms of 19. What we see today
is the pipeline for deals, large deals are larger than what we had in the last three and six
months so the demand outlook is good. Of course, the environment as we have referenced in
our press note is different. There is a talk of recession. There is an increase in the interest rate
and there are some pockets where we see this, for example in the mortgage business, in our
financial services area, there are pockets where we see some of this impact coming in, but the
view for us today given what we see in our pipeline is the overall pipeline is strong at this
stage, but of course, we are watching out for what can happen as the environment evolves and
changes.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, coming back to our margin question. Of course, we are going to be at the bottom end of
our 21% to 23% and we are at 20%. We will expect margin expansion from here on, and
putting fresher at the pyramid is one way of doing it, and in fact when we put in 85,000
freshers last year that is the thought we had. We will take a hit in utilization but we know
over a period of time we can actually improve the utilization as more and freshers go into the
system. We cannot suddenly put them in all projects but that is an investment we are doing
and absolutely open-minded making into the pyramid itself at the beginning. So that is a
source of improvement of our cost structure going forward and like the other levers I have
mentioned about in terms of mix, in terms of pricing. We are also looking at how we continue
to push the pricing question with our client, whether it is in terms of looking at a discount
reduction, whether it is on renewals, whether it is in terms of COLA increases, so that
discussion is on. Of course, there is no quick win coming immediately from that, but that is
an ongoing discussion which we are having with our clients.
6