
Thank you. The next question is from Shilpa Phadnis from The Times of India. Shilpa please
unmute and ask your question.
Shilpa Phadnis
Good evening gentlemen. Infosys has many contracts on a long-term basis, especially on
fixed price that could throw surprises given the inflation-related and wage-related increases
11so with cross currency headwinds do you think there is scope at all to have a higher
realization on these contracts especially given the uncertainties? My second question is on
revenue productivity, it has come down sequentially by $1200. Also, what you spoke about
the growth and market share gains that are coming at the cost of margins?
Nilanjan Roy
I think we mentioned that we are ready to invest behind this growth because we know we
have the optimization levers. For instance, our subcon which used to trend a year and a half,
two years back at 6.5%, are closer to 11.3% now - that is a lever. We know we will get our
freshers and we will get our lateral recruitments in, attrition will come down and we will be
able to replace this. But at this moment in a way we are on a treadmill and therefore this
whole subcon increase is easily one lever which we have available. Utilization - deliberately
we brought it down because we want freshers to be hired, we want them to go through
training in Mysore for four months, then we put them on the bench and over a period of time
they start getting deployed and these are therefore investments because you just cannot get
freshers and overnight start changing the overall pyramid. That is an investment we are ready
to make really.
Coming back to your fixed price issue, absolutely - so when we model our contracts over a
longer period of time we build in wage inflation, we build on what are the automations we
can do there, the onsite-offshore mix that is the lever, the extra work which we can also get
from many of these clients - because once you are sitting front and center in a large deal we
pretty much have a ring side view of what is happening inside the clients, and many of our
add on deals which we get from the clients because of we have done the large deals are at
significantly higher margin. So, there are lots of other tools which we have to see the overall
margin profile - both on the deal and around the deal as well.
