
Thank you. The next question is from Chandra Ranganathan from Moneycontrol. Chandra,
kindly unmute and ask your question.
Chandra Ranganathan
12Thanks. Salil just wanted to know the kind of project that you are seeing that has given you
the confidence to kind of increase the revenue guidance annually because there are lot of
analysts believe that in the current market clients will look at cost-saving projects, it will not
be discretionary, transformational spend that is happening so anything different that you are
seeing that kind of giving you the confidence? Also attrition, you say it’s moderating but it is
still inched up quarter-on-quarter so will this kind of be the upper end for you, and will it now
start coming down? And Nilanjan, I did not get the thing on hiring guidance so are you
sticking to 50,000 or are you increasing it on the back of your higher revenue guidance for
this year since you have already added 21,000 in this quarter?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for the question, Chandra. I think in terms of the demand and the type of projects or
programs on large deals there are two types where there is one which is driven more towards
the growth areas on digital and on cloud and there is a lot of work on Cloud transformation
that is in our pipeline. And then there is another as you pointed which is focused more on cost
and efficiency and there we are driving from what we have in terms of our leading
automation capabilities, what we are doing in Artificial Intelligence to help optimize the
client technology landscape. So we have both of those within our mix and as we looked at
even in the previous months, we have made sure that our focus remains on both types of
programs and frankly we feel in terms of automation, we have a tremendous capability that
we think will be of great use to clients in any environment as we look at making efficiencies
within the tech landscape. On attrition, what we have stated, our quarterly attrition has come
down and we have seen moderation last quarter we have seen moderation this quarter. As we
look out for some of the benefits of the initiatives we put in place that are coming through,
that is the approach with respect to attrition.
Nilanjan Roy
Your question on freshers so as we plan the talent model for the year it is a combination of
freshers, it is a combination of attrition, it is a combination of lateral hiring and of course
subcons. So when we put all this together, at the moment we are seeing about 50,000 it may
go up, and the beauty I think of COVID is for the industry is, now we have been able to get
freshers on demand because earlier the entire industry actually used to lock themselves up
13with the fresher entirely in the campus which we do in the January cycle. Now we have a
combination of this lock in during the January campus hiring cycle and throughout the year
we have a program which is off campus running. So that is a big benefit we had over the last
two years to get a much more flexi-oriented talent model for freshers.
