
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from BMO. Please go
ahead.
Keith Bachman
Thank you very much. My first question is I wanted to get your views on how you think
wage inflation will impact the balance of the year. And what are the tensions on that to your
margin model? So you mentioned that attrition has in fact moved lower, do you think attrition
continues to move lower and how do you think wage inflation will unfold over the next about
three, four quarters and be a force in the gross margin equation and then will follow up?
Nilanjan Roy
I think like we started last year we were very clear that we have to be competitive in the
market. So, we did the first hike in January of 2021 then we did the next hike in July of 2021
then we did a follow-up on our talent in September of 2021. In a way, we have not waited
one year we have actually gone ahead and done our majority of our wage hike from 1st of
April this year. Increase for middle to higher level to senior force will happen in July but not
the same margin impact of quarter one which was very broad based.
Other than that, I think these are quite competitive and of course if you see in the mix, we
also get a lot of laterals where there is a hidden cost of hiring because they come at stretches.
So in a way, your overall weighted average compensation in any case is going up across. I
think overall this is a very competitive hike. In India it is more like high single digits and in
14overseas geos because of high wage inflation across we have given very competitive hikes.
This is something which we have not done before. So these are very much higher than what
we did in the past. But we think this is something which is going to stand up in good stead in
terms of attrition and we have seen three quarters of the attrition benefits and expect it to
continue.
Keith Bachman
We cover a number of software companies and software companies have started to say they
are seeing pockets of weakness with demand elongation on sales cycles. It does not sound
like we made one very specific industry comment but it does not sound like you are seeing
the same any kind of iteration on the demand side particularly on the negative side, but if you
could just clarify, are you seeing any elongation on the new business front, yes or no, and if
the macro does weaken will that in fact help your wage situation and that is it from me.
Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for that. A couple of points that you raised, I think what we see on the demand, the
pipeline that we have today for our large deals is larger than what we had three or six months
ago. Having said that, we of course recognize what is going on in the global environment and
we mentioned a couple of areas. Nilanjan talked within retail, he also mentioned within
Financial Services - mortgages. So we see pockets where we see some impact.
On the overall deal discussions we see a little bit where it is slowing in the decision making;
however, the pipeline remains strong for us today. We have also get two types of deals, one is
deals which are on digital transformation or cloud which are growth orientated for clients
driving to what they want to do with their customers in their supply chain, how they want to
make an impact. The second is on cost, we have a very strong play on cost and efficiency
through our automation work, through our artificial intelligence work where we can really
impact the cost base in the tech landscape of our clients. So those are areas which we are
already very active within this environment and given our positioning we feel good that those
will start to come into play as and when the environment changes. But today this is how we
are seeing the demand situation.
15Now your other question was will that have a change on the wage if the macro evolving. We
do not have a clear view on where that will go because it is a function of how the macro
evolves and what happens. Of course, we are seeing attrition starting to come off a little bit
and that will clearly have a positive impact for us with respect to compensation. So the
timeline is not clear, it depends on how the macro evolves.
Keith Bachman
Okay great many thanks.
