
Thank you, Salil. We will now open the floor for questions. Joining Salil is Mr. Nilanjan
Roy, Chief Financial Officer, Infosys. With that we have the first question from Anisha Jain
from ET Now. Anisha kindly unmute and ask your question.
Anisha Jain
Good evening gentlemen, congratulations on a great set of numbers. Salil, the first question
to you, you know the rest of your peers and the entire industry is talking about a lot of
headwinds which is actually not visible with the numbers that you have really reported. Do
you think that the effect will come with a lag and there will be a bit of slowdown when it
comes to the second half of the year and Nilanjan a question to you on the margin, you said
you will be at the lower end of the margin. What kind of levers do you see to defend because
this quarter the margins are lower than expected at 20.1%. How do you plan to scale it back
to the 21% level? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for your question, Anisha. I think what we see is the growth that we have, we are
gaining market share. At 5.5% for the quarter or 21% for the year, we are significantly ahead
– leading the industry in growth, and this is coming primarily from the positioning of our
capabilities which are resonating with our clients both on digital and cloud and the overall
approach to One Infosys. So we think this is something that differentiates us in the market
and that is the reason why we are seeing growth which is higher and leading the industry.
Nilanjan Roy
4On the margin question, as you know, we have given margin guidance at the beginning of the
year at 21% - 23% and we have ended this quarter at 20%. Coming from Salil’s answer, I
think, we are seeing the growth traction in the market and we are clear that we must put
everything behind to get this growth. Whether it is in terms of hiring – we have done a record
hiring of 21,000 during the quarter. This is higher than any of the top five other peers in this
industry. We also had compensation hike from Q1 itself and that has impacted margins by
about 160 basis points. Because of the impact of freshers coming in, the utilization has gone
down. But these are all investments because we know in the long run we can actually
optimize these costs. We do not want to leave the demand on the table and of course we
know there is a massive supply crunch and therefore, in a way these are the flip side of the
coin. But we are very clear we will get the demand, we will invest behind getting the supply
side sorted out and at the same time work on the cost lever.
So, coming to 21% - 23%, we are going to look at the cost much more aggressively, looking
at utilization, subcon that we have built up because of this demand – we will look to optimize
that over a period. Automation continues to be a big driver for us – every quarter we replace
people from various projects into new projects. Looking at the pyramid – the fresher benefit
will come into our pyramid. We talked about at the beginning of the year – hiring more than
50,000 freshers. These are all the levers which we have. So we will actually go and get
profitable growth. We will invest behind this growth and take out cost inefficiencies as we
move along.
