
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. Please go
ahead.
Ravi Menon
Congrats on good set of numbers. Just wanted your thoughts on how broad based in North
America you will see such problems to sustain for a long time until you call out some
headwinds in BFSI, even that still have quite a bit of revenue. If you could give some color
about how sustained the demand environment is there. And secondly on the pyramids, we
have already seen a large intake of freshers last year so had hoped that some of that would
have come into production and helped us offset the margin headwinds through this quarter
but looks like given the utilization, as well it does not look like much of that has happened.
So, if you could give some color on that?
Salil Parekh
This is Salil. I did not catch the first part of the question. I think it was about demand but
maybe you can just say the first question?
Ravi Menon
It was around the demand. We have seen broad-based revenue addition across verticals in
North America and if you are seeing the pipeline also along similar lines. So are there any
specific verticals where you see some softness starting to come in?
Salil Parekh
As we referenced, we see some pockets of softness within our overall business. That is why
we wanted to be very clear that that is something that is visible. Couple of examples we have
shared on Financial Services and Retail, there are areas where we see that weakness;
22however, once we say that we also have a view and we see it in our pipeline the overall
pipeline is stronger. So there are areas where we see some good traction as well and it is a
mix of the growth and the cost opportunities within our pipeline. I think the second one was
about the pyramid?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes we have hired a lot of freshers last year and many of them also have gone into training
pipeline because as we had the previous year there was nothing really in the pipeline in terms
of hiring. So in fact if you see our utilization there is a 2% gap between the excluding trainees
and including trainee numbers on a year-on-year basis as well. We continue to deploy them
into projects. Like I said, you cannot overnight stuff projects with freshers and that is why it
is important to build a pipeline in advance and make them go through the trainings and then
put them into production bench and then move them into projects as well. So that benefit will
come in and we are seeing that slowly coming in, but it is important to invest ahead. If you
are planning just in time, you will be probably sub optimizing in terms of how fast you can
deploy. So that is why we have made these investments because we know it will take time for
these freshers to be productive, hence it is important to make that investment ahead.
Ravi Menon
Thanks gentlemen. One follow-up of this last quarter's contractual revenue. So did you
recognize all of them this quarter or is there still something pending?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, it was all recognized this quarter.
Ravi Menon
Thank you. Best of luck.
