
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra
Asset Management. Please go ahead.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Good morning gentlemen. Thanks for giving me this opportunity. I have just one question on
margins. Ideally the strong growth at the headline level should have translated into some
operating leverage, but that does not seem to be happening and Nilanjan we seem to be of the
view, we will chase growth for now and focus on margin optimization at a later date. What is
the risk to that hypothesis because this growth margin paradox seem to be a mere reflection
of what is happening in U.S. and U.K. now a very tight job market, very high nominal
growth, but very little benefit trickling down to the bottomline level. So sooner or later this
18nominal growth rates may cool off and onsite job markets and some supply costs may auto
recalibrate. But back in India job market may not be as much of a free market as it is in U.K.
and U.S. there may be some sticky elements both at headcount and wage level translating into
negative operating leverage as demand moderates. So what is the risk that margins will
remain structurally lower than even the pre-COVID levels going ahead because demand tends
to be more cyclical while some of these supply costs tend to be more sticky?
Nilanjan Roy
There are a couple of things. See one is that many of these cost increases cannot be passed on
the client on day one. If I have to give a wage hike on all my existing base they will come up
for renewals that is the time when you have a wage discussion. When you are doing new
deal, automatically we will build it and the industry in a way will build it into their wage
profile. So these things will automatically flow back, there is no free lunch for anybody. So
that is one thing which will happen over a period of time, but that is more of a generic point I
am making. But in terms of subcons, we have operated at 6%-6.5% of subcon; today we are
sitting at 11.3%, there is no reason for us to be at these levels unless we know what the job
market is. In the overall demand environment, when our recruiting picks up we can replace
these subcons with our own headcount, put more freshers into projects and this is something
we have been doing very well in the past as well. So I think these levers are well known for
us, we know how utilization works, our pyramid works, so we are quite confident in the
forward model of taking out cost from our overall structure.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Just one more question if I may. So when we say the pipeline is larger now, just curious if the
pipeline is getting bigger and bigger because some of the decision making is getting slower,
is there any correlation you read in between the two?
Salil Parekh
The pipeline what we are seeing is there is appetite and you go by different industry for
Digital transformation programs, for large cloud programs, for programs which start to relate
to cost and efficiency, that is what is in the pipeline. It is not a function of the timeline which
the delay that you referenced which is causing an increase, it is where we see traction with
19more and more client discussions as of today that we see. Now we will see how that evolves,
that is the outlook we have today.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Thanks Salil. Thanks Nilanjan. That is it from my side. All the very best.
