
A very good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us today. My name is Rishi and I
would like to welcome all of you to our first quarter results press conference. Before we
begin I want to take a moment to mention a few guidelines. Our friends from media, you will
be on mute throughout the press conference, kindly unmute yourself as soon as we announce
you. We request one question from each media house to accommodate everyone over the
next hour. In case you get disconnected, kindly rejoin using the same link. With that, let me
invite our Chief Executive Officer Mr. Salil Parekh for his opening remarks. Over to you
Salil.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Rishi. Good evening to everyone joining. Thank you for joining us this Sunday
evening.
We had an excellent start to the financial year with 5.5% sequential growth and 21.4% year-
on-year growth in constant currency terms.
We continue to gain market share with our Cobalt Cloud capabilities and the differentiated
digital value proposition for our clients. Growth continues to be broad-based across business
segments, service lines, and geographies. Each of our business segments grew in double-
digits with several of them growing at 25% or higher.
The US market grew at 18.4% and Europe grew very strongly at 33.2%. Our Digital revenues
were 61% of our total revenues in Q1 and they grew at 37.5%. Within Digital our Cloud
work continues to grow faster still.
Our operating margins were at 20%. Our large deals at $1.69 bn in Q1, which comprise of 19
large deals, 50% of these were net new. Our quarterly attrition declined in Q1.
We had a net headcount growth of over 21,000 employees within the company. With our
strong growth in Q1 and our current outlook on demand opportunity and pipeline, we
3increased our revenue growth guidance which was at 13% - 15%, now to 14% - 16% growth
for this year.
We keep our margin guidance at 21% - 23%. With the increase in cost environment we will
be at the lower end of the margin guidance.
Thank you and now back to you Rishi for questions.
