: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from
the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Kapil Singh: Firstly, I wanted to check on the cost side, how much cost inflation did we see in 1Q FY '23? And how
much of it we were able to pass on? And also looking into the second quarter, how much drop in raw
material to sales are you looking at given the drop in commodities that we are seeing? And if you could
add some perspective there as well in terms of metals and other elements like energy costs, the conversion
costs etc.
Ajay Seth: Kapil, the cost inflation on commodities comes with a quarter lag. So, this quarter was affected because
the effective prices were for the fourth quarter of last year, which had to be indexed and increases were
to be given to the vendors. We had an impact on commodities all across, including steel and precious
metals. The impact was to the extent of about a little less than 2%. And while we were able to partially
offset this impact with the price increase that we did and there was also some incremental impact of the
sales promotion cost being higher sequentially compared with fourth quarter in this quarter. So, that
broadly is the reason for the drop in operating margins that you see sequentially between quarter 4 and
quarter 1. Moving forward, we are hopeful of commodity prices cooling. It is difficult to give any fixed
guidance at this point in time because these situations vary, but we have more clarity on quarter 2 because
quarter 2 rates are fixed to quarter 1. We definitely see prices across all commodities, including steel and
other metals being low, much lower than what they were in quarter 1 of this year as you've seen in the
results.
Kapil Singh: And secondly, just wanted to check on the order book, if you could give the latest order book update and
how much was the net order inflow for the quarter? And also, there were some news reports regarding
order inflows for Grand Vitara. So, if you can share an update there that what kind of order inflow we
have seen for that and how the response to hybrid within that? Also, the retail sales for the quarter, please.
Rahul Bharti: So, retail sales are broadly in line with wholesales, slightly short. On the order book, the pending orders
as of now are about 3.5 lakhs. And a good number has come from new models. As Seth San mentioned
Page | 4
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 July 2022in his opening remarks, we have got an excellent response to the All New Brezza with about 70,000
bookings. And a good number of these bookings are for the top variant.
Kapil Singh: So, Grand Vitara also if you could share in terms of how are the bookings and how the response to the
hybrid presented in those mix of bookings you are getting.
Rahul Bharti: Grand Vitara, we have a good order of about 20,000 or so. And for the all-new Brezza, we have about
70,000. In the Grand Vitara, the strong hybrid, which we have described aptly as Intelligent Electric
Hybrid that has got between 45% to 50% of the bookings. So, that's a very positive sign. And we just
hope that we'll be able to service these orders fast.
Kapil Singh: Rahul sir, I also wanted to check, we had S-Cross in the portfolio earlier, which was a fairly strong model,
but it did not live up to expectations in terms of volumes. So, any learnings that are there which we are
employing now as we are ramping up the SUV portfolio?
Rahul Bharti: See, the S-Cross was a crossover. It was a new concept. So, it was between a sedan and a SUV. But if
we are to see anything from the Grand Vitara, based on feedback fromthe journalists, and the auto experts
at the launch; almost unanimously, there has been a very strong positive reaction on it. I'm yet to hear a
single remark about any lacuna or weakness in the model. In terms of technologies, it is very strong.
Almost everything that we can think of is there. There's a giant panoramic sunroof, all features like
Heads-up display, ESP, hill hold assist, 360-degree camera and it has a muscular stance, large body, I
mean, all dimensions, length, width, height, are good. There are 2 versions. The AllGrip Select
technology, which is all-wheel drive powertrain,. And there is a strong hybrid version, which has very
high fuel efficiency, of 27.97 kilometers per liter. So, everything points towards a very strong pull from
the market.
