
Thank you, Sir. May I now request Mr. Redappa?
Mr. Redappa, kindly go ahead and ask your question.
Redappa Gundluru
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Mr. Nandan Nilekani Sir – dynamic leader, Aadhaar chairman, my company’s backbone. Thank you.
Namaste Sir.
Salil Parekh ji, Nilanjan Roy ji and Manikantha ji, and all the other directors, independent directors,
auditors, scrutinizer of this AGM and my fellow shareholders of this video conference. Good evening.
Namaste. Sir, my name is Redappa Gundluru. I'm from Hyderabad. I'm a financial advisor with the
Motilal Oswal. Sir, as a shareholder, I'm very happy about the company’s performance for financial year
2022. As usual, Sir, thank you so much. Chairman Sir, you have given very good speech about my
company’s performance during the last financial year. I would like to share my experiences about the
physical AGM. Nandan Sir and Salil Sir, you are both the backbone of my company. I have very good
memories and very good photographs from physical AGM 2018-19. Nandan Sir is a very good person. I
have requested for a photograph, and he immediately accepted. He asked the security people to allow
and took the photograph. It was a wonderful moment of my life, Sir. Thank you so much. That's the
reason I'm waiting for this AGM for the last one year. Thank you so much.
Sir, I would like to thank this corporate governance. Earlier, a shareholder spoke about the corporate
governance. I'm not agreeing with that. Our corporate governance is very wonderful. Ethically,
accountability, transparency of accounts, everything is there, Chairman Sir. Please keep it up and
special thanks and kudos to my Company Secretary, Manikantha and all the KMPs of my company.
Nandan sir, I wanted to highlight the work you are doing for the society and the IIT technology.
Wonderful, Sir. Nowadays, IIT students are very much needed to develop our country. I congratulate
you for this wonderful and generous donation to the IIT for supporting the infrastructure and
improvements, research and deep technology startup ecosystems. It shows you are the technology
person. My company is technology, but you are developing another society for IIT students. Really, I
am touched, Sir. Wonderful decision by my company’s Board. Thank you so much and congratulations
Sir.
Despite of adverse of macros, enterprises continue to reevaluate to their cost to structure and
strengthen their business to resilience. Additionally, they are adopting technology investments to foster
agility. Sir, there’s no need to tell about my company’s financials. Wonderful, strong and consistent
performance. Thanks for dividend. Congratulations to the wonderful team, the CEO team and technical
members. All people are wonderful, Sir.
- 26 -Sir, we have received very wonderful awards. Congrats for many more awards and achievements.
Also, CSR is very wonderful, Sir. No need to say about our work with the Foundation and I have also
gone through the all the separate annual report for the Foundation. Thank you so much, Sir.
Mr. Chairman, I have three questions:
First question, Sir – what is the future vision for the next of couple of years?
And in last few quarters, Infosys has seen high profile exits at Delivery level. Since high-level exists are
at Delivery level, could you potentially halt project timelines in the short-term?
Third question, Sir – Financial year 2024 revenue guidance was 4-7% Y-o-Y. CCA optically looks soft
versus peers. Does the company see at revising any guidance for the coming quarters?
Another question, Sir. Any updates on mega deals which are 500-million US dollar?. Please comment.
Infosys is at the forefront of adoption for technologies. What is the current percentage top-up line and
what is the growth expected in financial year 2024-25?
Yeah, I have a couple of questions. I'm going to conclude. Thank you.
Sir, another question. Infosys margins may remain subdued over the next three years - financial years
2024 to 2026. What are the levers available to get back to financial year 2016 or 2022 levels?
Another question – strong growth in digital revenue but at the same time, a decline in core and non-
digital revenue. How does the company plan to maintain growth in digital and non-digital revenues?
Another question – the management sounded cautious about the outlook demand scenarios from North
America during Q4 financial year 2023. How is the outlook after Q1 FY24?
Final question Sir – In Q4 financial year 2023, there was weakness in Retail, Hi-Tech, Financial
Services and Telecom segments due to unexpected ramp down. So, what is the outlook after Q1
financial year 2024? These are my observations. And I have already submitted all the resolutions and
thank the Company Secretary department, Manikantha and other employees and teams for the
wonderful support for the smooth functioning. Thanks once again, Mr. Chairman Sir. I'm happy to see
you healthy and fine. And all the Board of Directors, I wish all the best and hopefully, in the coming
financial year, under your leadership, my company will achieve many more higher awards and
recognitions and many more milestones under the leadership of my one and only leader, Nandan
Nilekani. He’s the strong pillar of my company with the support of all the Board of Directors. Thank you,
Salil Sir, in the last five years, very wonderful, you are hardworking Sir. Thank you so much for giving
this opportunity. I wish good health to all the Board of Directors. Thank you, Manikantha ji.
