
Thank you, Mr. Athanu Saha. Now, I will request Mr. Sadananda Shastri. Sir, kindly go ahead and ask
your question.
Sir, kindly unmute and ask your question.
Hello.
- 21 -Hello.
Sadananda Shastri
Good evening, I'm Sadananda Shastri from Bangalore. My number is 11702201.
First of all, I thank the Board for having given a nice performance. But however, a profit growth of
growth is 1,962 crore, which is lesser than earlier years. I'm sorry to say shareholders are losing
dividend benefits in the form of TDSthat even though they are not liable for it. It may be due to lack of
the guidance from the Company's team concerned. Lot of confusions are being cropped up in
submitting Form 15 H. What particulars he coordinators team is required, we do not know. Neither they
will disclose it nor rectify it. With this, I have lost many thousands. During our earlier years, proper
t
guidance from the team is needed, Sir. Sir, I will go by page-wise from the report, purely from the
report, I will not deviate anything. [Unclear audio]
Report page no.19, in revenue geography, India has secured the least place – 2.6% How do you uplift
this? Is there any negligence in the Indian market?
Page no. 22, in the column Term Ending Date of Chairman, you have used the abbreviation NA. How
do you justify the word NA when all other directors are having ending date? Is the word NA
appropriate?
Page no. 45, it is pitiable to note revenue growth is negative of 0.4. How the company will bring it up to
positive in the current year?
Page no. 46, you have said 1,357 employees disclosed their disability. What is its meaning? Does it not
affect the image of the Company?
Page no. 58, Board’s report, an excellent amount of income of 268 crore is taken out from profit
towards comprehensive item to make round the other figure to 23,000. What is this item, Sir?
- 22 -Page no. 163, in transfer of reserves, it is said that you have not transferred any amount to reserves.
Does it not speak about the stability of the company?
Page no. 66, that is resignation of directors. Many stalwarts like Mrs. Kiran Majumdar, Mr. Ravi Kumar,
Mr. Mohit, etc. are leaving the Company. How do you safeguard the image of the Company?
Page no. 70, out of 98 subsidiaries, some like Unit 15 – Shanghai, 33 – Base life, 38 – Malaysia, 53 –
Turkey, 88 – Germany, are incurring loss. How do you struggle hard to bring these to a positive line?
However, Panaya is shining now, thank you very much for that.
Page no. 81, in the remuneration of managerial personnel, 287 crore, more powerful [unclear audio]
profit. Why can't the personnel adopt the ethics and follow the other company's CEO sacrifice in the
interest of company first as well as company's employees?
Page no. 83, congrats for the company’s second place in top 10 in remuneration. In what way this rank
benefits to the Company? Do we see first rank in the next year?
Page no. 219, Balance Sheet, why there is a large variation in investments in standalone and
consolidated, that is, 23,686 crore versus 12,569 crore.
Lastly, page no. 301, in other expenses, 130 crore increase in credit loss. Can the company adopt
strategies to reduce interest to nil, whether this would be a hit for the current year profit? Thank you
very much, Sir. See you next year inour Bangalore only, in a physical meeting. Thank you very much.
