
Thank you, Nilanjan. I had a few questions from the web chat.
There were two shareholders who were asking of how to view the statutory registers. The questions
were from Supriya and Pankaj Gupta.
The shareholders may note that all the information of the company is actually available on the website
of the company. So, therefore, I request all the shareholders to look into the website of the company
and also the Stock Exchange website for information dissemination and there are registers which are
also filed with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. So, shareholders can actually take the information from
those publicly available information. In spite of that, if there are any specific questions or information
which is required, you can refer or you can send a query to investors@infosys.com and we will answer
that suitably.
- 38 -There was a next question from Sujata Kiran. The question is what is assurance from the company
side against any allegation which may bring down the share price of the company such as insider
trading and all that?
The answer is our robust policy framework always ensure compliance with applicable rules and
regulations. We have also updated our compliance frameworks in response to the requirements of
regulator and remain proactively engaged with them. Our robust Whistleblower Policy and program also
ensures that any allegation is investigated in an objective manner. This framework serves to the
interest of all the stakeholders.
Those were the questions which was directed at me. With that, I'll hand over to Mr. Chairman.
Nandan Nilekani
Thank you, Mani. And now we'll come to the second round of questions. These are the questions that
were asked in the video conference, and we will answer them in the same order.
I had two questions. First question is our ratio of female directors is only 12% against 40% at employee
level. Can we increase this please? This is shareholder Santosh.
Santosh, this AGM we have the resolution for Helene’s appointment placed before the shareholders for
approval. Post that approval, if it is obtained, the ratio of female directors will go to 25%.
Second question – what is your view on AI replacing humans in the workforce?
We believe that AI has the potential to make a big improvement in the productivity of people. And we
have found that the more qualified, the more experienced a person is, you can derive more benefit from
AI like automatic code generation and all that. So definitely productivity will go up. But we believe that it
will be used to amplify the productivity of existing people. Therefore, we feel that we'll be able to benefit
from this much more. At the same time, we agree we have to become more efficient and share the
efficiencies with our clients. So, we will take this, and Infosys is on the path to applying AI in a very
rapid way with our AI-first strategy that we are rolling out across the company at the moment. Thank
you. Now I'll hand over to Salil.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Nandan.
I have a few questions from the questions asked in the video and by some audio.
The first question from Mr. Sadananda Sastry, for me, what is the revenue by geography, India? India
has the least place. How do we uplift this?
- 39 -So, here we are doing some extremely strategic work to make India fully digital, as is being driven
across the entire government. We are working on the GST program, on the Income tax program. And
we will continue to work on such strategic programs as they become as the government is doing more
of them. And we have really very strong expertise in those areas. So, this will continue to increase. We
are also looking at the private sector where more and more of this digital work is starting to happen
across the country.
Next question, also from Sadananda Sastry.
The question was about many senior employees leaving the company. How will the company take care
of the image?
Here, we are extremely solid in terms of the strong bench of leaders that Infosys has. We feel that that
group of leaders that Infosys has produced over the years through its own leadership development and
through the work hey do with clients in Delivery, in markets, really prepares them to do more and more
work. And we have made sure that those leaders step up and take that on. We feel good about the fact
t
that we have such a deep leadership bench, and we will continue to work on that as we go ahead.
Our next question from Abhirup – what are the company's plans on expanding the Cloud business?
Cloud is really absolutely core to what we are driving. We discussed earlier, the Cobalt platform, the
capability set, whether it's on Infra-as-a-service, Software-as-a-service, Platform-as-a-service, we really
have the leading market capability in Cloud. We see good traction for Cloud activity overall with clients.
We see that there is a Cloud becomes the underpinning for transformation, as companies are looking to
move into the digital age, into the AI age. That becomes the base foundation that will be needed. And
with our strong partnerships with several of the large Cloud companies, we believe we are well-
positioned to play in that and this will continue to grow.
Next question from Suman Agarwal. Question is how is the company going to grow in the next five
years, organic versus inorganic?
Now, here, over the past several years, we made about eight or so acquisitions. Those acquisitions are
well-integrated. We feel that approach will continue into the future. We will look for acquisitions which fit
the strategic direction, the cultural fit and the value, the ability to integrate. Based on that, we will
continue the acquisition approach and the organic approach will continue. We will continue to work with
our clients to expand as they look for the cost and efficiency and automation programs in this
environment and also look to expand on transformation programs as they continue to make changes in
the business. So, both dimensions will carry on into the next few years.
- 40 -Next question from Shailesh – Which are the verticals in the business which have been least affected
and also significantly affected by the current macro-economic conditions?
So, here what we have shared in the past, we have seen industries such as Financial Services in
mortgage and asset management, and investment banking, the Telecom sector, Hi-Tech, some areas
of Retail, those are the ones that are most impacted within this environment that we have seen, what
we reported in the end of Q4 and before that. We will see as we go ahead and how these evolve into
the future quarters.
Next question from Celestine – How is the company managing employee attrition?
What we've seen over the last four quarters, Q4 and before, attrition has steadily been coming down
each quarter on a quarterly basis. We see a lot of the initiatives that we've put in place, and also the
overall economic environment, both of them relating to the attrition coming down, our employee
engagement scores are continuing to go up and we believe that with that we will have a good control on
attrition in the coming quarters. And we will make sure that that becomes translated as we look at the
recruitment cycle and bringing in more employees from outside.
Our next question from Santosh – Can you please provide detail on how many new clients were added
in the last financial year?
So here, in a specific point, in the last financial year, we have added 458 new clients.
Next question from Dharav – Apart from the Cloud capability and digital, does the company have other
pillars on which it sees future growth?
So very clearly, the digital approach which comprises Cloud, digital, then also data and analytics,
cybersecurity, IoT (Internet of Things), those are really good growth drivers. We are now seeing much
more focus on generative AI that we have discussed quite a bit in all the questions and answers and
overall becoming more AI-driven, AI-first and clients are looking at that. Then, in this environment,
which is a different macro environment, there is more and more attention to cost efficiency, automation
and consolidation. So, we are fortunate that we have both types of growth drivers where people are
looking at transformation, they can look at Digital, Cloud and AI. And when they're looking at efficiency,
they can look at cost, automation, consolidation and both engines are available with Infosys.
Our next question also from Dharav – Considering the FSI segment has small share in US regional
banks, what do you expect impact on Infosys?
- 41 -So, we have a diverse portfolio in Financial Services, large global banks, regional banks, mid-sector
banks, in cards, in payments, investment banks, asset managers, really very broad and diversified
client base in the FS business. Now within US, less than 2% of our revenue has this exposure into the
regional banking, and there we are therefore comfortable that that exposure is not going to because it's
less than 2% not going to impact us in an overall scale of the business.
Next question also from Dharav – What steps has company taken for wellbeing of employees?
So here, Infosys, over the years has been extremely focused on wellbeing of employees. We have
internally programs, for example, on health assessment and lifestyle enrichment. We have wellness
programs for physical wellbeing and social wellbeing. And we also have wellbeing rates, where across
locations, we track it and support employees in driving that. We are seeing a good traction overall on
employee wellbeing within the company today.
Next question from Redappa – A strong growth in digital with decline in core, how does the
management have a plan to have growth both in digital and core?
What we saw last financial year in some quarters, we actually saw good growth in core and digital. And
now in this environment, as we see more and more focus on cost efficiency, automation and
consolidation, we will see more and more attention to core services. But keeping in mind the overall
macro condition, we will balance and make sure our focus on digital transformation and on core
services remain strong.
Next question from Shrenik Mehta – Please provide company strategy on both organic and inorganic.
So here, similar to the point we discussed earlier, we have an approach to both organic and inorganic.
In acquisitions, we have a focus on what will fit strategically and culturally in terms of value and
integration. And on organic growth, we have a lot of focus on the areas we've discussed on Cloud, on
digital, on AI-first, and on cost and efficiency in this environment.
Next question from Shri Rama Vinodha – How is the company investing in employees for reskilling
and upskilling?
So there, we've always had, over the last several years a strong focus on skilling. We have Mysore
campus where we have in-person training for all of our new employees. Over the last few years, we put
in place the Lex capability which allows online training through mobiles for all employees. We measure
reskilling by each of our different departments to make sure that employees have the opportunity of
reskilling, and then the projects that become available to employees to drive through that reskilling. We
are tracking internally, something called a Digital Quotient, that allows us to measure what is the
- 42 -change in the type of skills every employee has, and that allows them to then become more and more
relevant for the new types of work our clients are doing.
Next question from Alex. What is the plan of the company in internally using AI for increasing
productivity and quality?
So there, what we discussed on generative AI is applicable both with our clients, but also within the
company, where we are leveraging large language models both on the open source and dedicated
generative AI platforms to improve productivity in software development. We've already seen
places where that improvement is visible within our teams. We're also taking our own software
development modules and approaches, especially in our product business and putting them through
the large language model to enhance productivity. And you will start to see the impact of this as we go
through the next few quarters and years to make the benefit available internally to our productivity.
Those are the questions I had. With that, I'll pass it on to the Nilanjan.
Nilanjan Roy
Thank you, Salil.
The first question I have we have requested multiple times for the company to do buybacks using
tender offer mode. SEBI has come up with new regulations that the buybacks need to be done through
tender offer. Please confirm if further buybacks will be like that. And the shareholder name is Shamit
Mehta.
So as you all know, we have a five-year capital allocation policy which we've laid out for the financial
year 2024 period. And within that there are three components: there's a dividend component, a special
dividend and a buyback component. And these allow predictability and consistency of returns. And as
we've said, we've already returned 86% back and the Board looks at multipleelements looking at EPS
accretion, looking at share price, yield on a cash return and then determines the most appropriate way
to return this capital back. As regards the latest SEBI mandates on buybacks, we will continue to see
that and how they will be implemented over the next year or two years.
The next question is from Sadananda Sastry on page 301, Other expenses ₹133 crore increase in
ECL. How do we reduce it?
So, as you know, the company makes provisions for expected credit losses based on historical
performance on the macro-economic conditions in terms of the geographies we operate in, and the
sectors we operate in, and therefore makes the provisions appropriately. This is as per the relevant
accounting standards.
- 43 -Does the company have plans of doing CSR activities in the eastern part of the country? This is from
shareholder Manoj Kumar.
So, as you know, our CSR policy encompasses work around women empowerment, around health,
education, and of course, sustainability, targeting the underprivileged. We also look at criteria around
scaling up of these projects, and making sure that they have an impact and follow our overall themes.
We have also started doing many projects in the east of the country, and if they meet these criteria, we
will continue to expand there.
The next question is regarding work from office two days from office two days from home, what is the
policy of the company in this regard?
I think we have a very flexible policy and a hybrid policy in terms of working from office and working
from home to give people the flexibility. We encourage, of course, people to come to work a few days,
and we believe that increases our social capital. And I think a big portion of this, of course depends
upon our client requirements and our clients of course insist that employees come into work. So, this
helps us maintaining a fair balance of giving client connectivity, and time for teams working together.
Infosys margins may remain subdued in the next two, three years. What are the levers available to
improve this? Reddappa.
So as you know, we've given guidance for financial year 2024. And of course, we don't give a guidance
beyond that. But like I explained earlier in one question, we have multiple levers for us to aspire to get
higher margins and robust margins. We've talked about the Pyramid. We've talked about onsite
offshore mix. Automation remains a big element, pricing, and there are the levers like subcon, etc.,
which help us to continue to look at improving margins.
Next question is whether the company is listed on any global ESG forum or platform. And this is from
shareholder Celestine.
Yes, as we already mentioned, we have of course got recognized, you know, rankings in India as well.
But we are also recognized globally. We are part of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, we have got a
double A rating from MSCI ESG ratings, a global rating. We are under A-list of CDP in 2022. We are on
the EcoVadis ratings as well. So, we are recognized as a leader in both our sector and even across
sectors in many of these ratings globally.
Cybersecurity and data privacy are big concerns these days. What steps are we taking in this direction?
And this is a question from Shailesh.
So, in cybersecurity, at Infosys, it's managed to multi-layered controls with defense in depth approach,
starting from cybersecurity strategy, policies, processes. We got multiple certifications from ISO 27001.
And also, we've been attested by SSAE, which is an independent audit firm. On data privacy, also
- 44 -Infosys has seen significant growth of the DPO from 2010. And we've established an independent data
privacy office and we are consistently working with our clients to improve both our securityand zero
trust profiles and also on data privacy as well.
Next question is can the company provide the initiatives just taken on sustainability and climate
change?
As you can see from our ESG book, which is on our website, we have an encompassing goal across all
the three pillars of E, S and G. On Environment, we are looking holistically at climate change, at waste,
and for water and we have aggressive goals, all of them. On the sustainability side, you know of
Springboard program, which is giving free education across both India and across the world. We have
digital skilling as another initiative, which we are taking up, women in workforce 39.4%, one of the
highest in the sector across the world, across many of our peers as well. On the G side, we're working
on improving governance, we've got the Ethisphere award for the most ethical company three years in
a row. We're continuing to work on our supply chain ESG and auditing many of our supply chain
partners to make sure that their ESG elements are also built into what we are consuming. And these
are the initiatives we have taken, and we are laying out a goal every year and reporting against that in
the ESG data book.
Next question is how are we geared up to handle recession in the US and Western countries? And this
is from Manoj.
Yes, as you've heard, both from Salil, there has been across the macro environment slowdown, and
this is reflected in our growth guidance for FY24. We have a very healthy pipeline, our pivot towards
cost takeout for our clients in this environment becomes very critical. And therefore, some of the deals
you have been seeing winning are based on these. This helps our clients reduce costs to automation to
improve offshoring, digitization, and therefore makes us as, IT services company, a very important part
of their overall business environment. And our end-to-end offerings during digital transformation help
our clients to take out cost as well as help them in their longer-term transformation exercise.
Next question is what is the reason for increase in travel expenses and software expenses?
Travel, of course, came back last year as the COVID controls really have eased during the last year
and therefore, if you can see pre-COVID as well, our travels are now going up at that level. Software
expenses are going up, and because they are integrated to our overall delivery, whether it is Cloud,
whether its overall infrastructure, these are becoming integral to the delivery model, which we have.
Infosys is known for giving special dividends. What can we expect? When can we expect special
dividend on completing 40 years? This was from a shareholder Srikantha.
- 45 -Like I just mentioned, we have the Capital Allocation Policy which talks about special dividends,
buybacks and regular dividends. And of course, over the last four years in line with our policy, we
returned 86% back. The Board continuously looks at different elements into the decision of giving
buybacks and of course, at this stage, we don’t have any special announcement on special dividend.
The last question is when can we expect a bonus from the company?
At this stage, we have no such announcement to make.
