
Thank you, Nilanjan. There were a few questions which came from video and audio questions.
The first question is from Mr. Shrenik. The question is every time I cast my vote, I find my mobile and
data is not registered with NSDL. KFin Tech is not picking up the data fully from NSDL. What can you
do to help?
The shareholders may note that the RTA system is fully automated, and it actually reflects the details
which is uploaded on the depositories. There is no manual intervention there. So therefore, the
information which is available at the depositories is the one which has been processed by an RTA.
In case if you cannot retrieve your details, the way you have done it, you can request for resetting the
login ID and password. You will receive the same.
The next question was from Mr. Bharat Raj. Request to arrange for the Mangalore DC visit and there
was also a suggestion for holding the physical AGM.
We were privileged to hold the shareholders in our Mysore campus a few years back. As we returned to
the normalcy, we will look into the request appropriately in the future. And with request to the physical
meeting, I think as you know virtual meetings give shareholders access from across the globe. In fact, a
few shareholders have suggested that the meeting should be conducted virtual.
In this AGM, we have around 23 shareholders who are joining from different countries and from
different time zones, which actually helps them to connect from everywhere.
The next question was from Mr. Sadananda Sastry, about the details are mentioned in the tenure of
director which is mentioned as not applicable.
- 46 -The answer is, Nandan is appointed as a non-executive and non-independent director. He is liable to
retire by rotation as required under the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, he is offering himself for
shareholders’ approval, periodically.
There was another question from buyback requesting the details of the regulations. I think these details
were already provided by Mr. Nilanjan.
Those were the questions which were directed at me. With that, I'll hand over back to Mr. Nandan.
- 47 -