Thank you, Mr. Bharath.
May I now request Mr. Dilip. Mr. Dilip, kindly go ahead and ask your question.
Dilip
Yes.
Dilip
Namaskar Sir. Nandan Nilekani Sir. Salil Sir aur aapke secretary staff ko bahut bahut dhanyavaad
jinhone itna efforts karke aur iss meeting ko arrange kiya. Theen theen chaar chaar baar call karke
humse trial liya. Itne badiya arrange kiya yeh VC. Fellow shareholders ne sab cheez bol diya. jyada
bolne ke liye nahi hain. Main Jaipur, Pink city se bol raha hu. Aur, ek hi request thi aapse. Sir, ye jo
open market se aapne jo shareholder buyback ki, uski jaga ye shareholders se kyun nahi ki jaate?
Shareholder tho already loss mein hain, aur aap open market se ₹1,500 bhaav mein 1,850 ka share
khareed rahe hain. Toh, yeh Sir, shareholders ke saath mein yeh galat hain dekhajaye toh.
Baaki toh sir, jo decision aap logon ne liya woh soch ke liya hoga. Lekin thoda sa minority shareholders
ka bhi dhyan rakhna chahiye. Baaki sab ko bahut bahut dhanyavaad iss opportunity ke liye. Thank you,
sir.
[Thank you to Nandan Nilekani Sir, Salil Sir, and the entire Company Secretary team for all the efforts
you made to organize this meeting. The team called us several times for trial runs and made wonderful
- 30 -arrangements. My fellow shareholders have already discussed everything. I do not have much to add. I
am calling from Jaipur, the pink city.
I have a request, Sir. Why do not you go to the shareholders instead of going to the open market? The
shareholders have already made losses, and you buy back a share worth 1,850 for 1,500 . That is
completely wrong. That being said, I understand that any decision you made was well thought out. But
please also think about the minority shareholders. Thank you for giving me this opportunity. Thank you,
Sir.]
A. G. S. Manikantha
Thank you, Mr. Dilip.
May I now request the next shareholder, Abhirup Nandy?
Abhirup Nandy
Yeah, good evening, everyone. I'm Abhirup Nandy, shareholder from Kolkata. Namaskar.
Respected Board members and key managerial personnel, I have connected from the City of Joy,
Kolkata. I'm very grateful regarding the financial performance. It is very strong whether it is growth or
cashflow. All have been very strong. Very happy with the financial performance. I just want to know
what our company is doing regarding the adoption and integration with the upcoming process of e-
rupee and how it is adopting with the digital form of currency that RBI has launched. And what is our
plan regarding our expansion of Cloud business, whether there is any plan for expansion? Rest, I'm
very happy with the corporate governance of the company and also with the financial performance.
That's all from my side. I'm Abhirup Nandy signing off. Namaskar.
A. G. S. Manikantha
I think we have difficulty hearing Mr. Satish. Now, may I request, Ms. Suman Agarwal?
Suman Agarwal, can you kindly go ahead and ask your question?
Suman Agarwal
Very good evening, Chairman Sir and all the Board members present. I am Suman Agarwal, member of
Millennium MAMS joining from Kolkata and a proud shareholder of our company.
Sir, I would like to understand how the company is going to grow in the next five years. Will it be
through inorganic growth, new verticals or the existing verticals? Please share your views. Thank you.
A. G. S. Manikantha
Mr. Satish, if you're there, kindly go ahead and ask your question.
I think Mr. Satish has some issue from his end.
With that, we'll come to the end of this question system from all the shareholders. Now I will hand over
back to Mr. Chairman.
Nandan Nilekani
Thank you for all the questions.
While we provide the answers to the questions shortly, I would request the team to display questions
received on the webchat and play videos which showcase the work done by Infosys during the past
year.
- 33 -[Video plays]
We will begin the answers to the questions. In this round, we are answering the questions that were
raised in the web chat.After one round of web chat questions, we will come back with a round of
questions from the video and audio questions that were just asked.
We'll start with my questions. I have three questions.
First question is - Infosys donated to Open AI a few years back when they were a non-profit. Now
they're incorporated for for-profit subsidiary. Is Infosys having a stake in that? If yes, how much does
Infosys have? How is Open AI supporting Infosys as one of the early investors or donors? This
question is from Ganesh Gopi.
The answer is yes, Infosys was among the earliest supporters of the non-profit Open AI. And, we had
made a donation several years back. We have no stake in the for-profit of the company. But we are
delighted by the success that Open AI has achieved, and we wish them very good future with all the
outstanding AI work that they're doing.
Second question – what are the disruptions you foresee for industry in the near future, from
Sreenivasa Rao Kilaru.
It really is a very exciting time. There are a lot of changes happening in the world of technology. For the
last decade, we had first whole migration for digital way of doing things using smartphones and so on.
And then following that, we had the big wave of Cloud and Cloud migration, where Infosys plays with
products like Cobalt. Recently, of course, there's the whole interest in AI and generative AI. Infosys is
well-placed there with Topaz. So, all these changes are happening all at the same time. And we expect
that in the next few years, all our global customers will have to fundamentally do a lot of changes to
their technology and architecture. To leverage this, you will have to do things more efficient and
become more cost-effective. At the same time, they will have to leverage all this, create transformation
to create better business and better consumer experience. We're also at the beginning of many other
mega trends. First is the whole green transition which includes decarbonization, which means that
whole energy system for the world will migrate for the next several decades, from a hydrocarbon-based
future to a renewable future means that the way we produce energy will go from having monolithic
producers to millions of small producers, which has a huge impact on the grid means that instead of
petrol pumps we will have gas stations, we will have charging stations. So, there's a huge
decarbonization or climate change which is going to affect all our businesses. And of course, thanks to
the geopolitics, people are now looking at how to make their supply chains more resilient, and allowing
people to have multiple options, where they can produce and how it is shaped. Then of course, thanks,
when also because of the whole security issues, you have issues of how to deal with cybersecurity, we
have issues of how countries are going to become more able to defend themselves and so on. And of
course, there's the whole telecom thing happening through the rollout of the 5g network. So, there are
many, many disruptions or changes happening in the future. Now, I want to assure all of you that we at
Infosys are fully seized of this, we are keeping a close eye on this. And we will make sure that we
- 34 -understand these trends and changes and what they mean for our clients. We make sure that we can
bring them best ideas and support that they can navigate the future successfully.
Third question is from the Nani, who is a member of this Millennium Mans, Calcutta chapter, seems to
be very strong group. She says, Sir, the world is divided as operations of AI is concerned. So which
side do you belong?
[No audio]
And deep fakes, it will affect our elections and our politics. So, there are many short-term issues with
AI. And of course, there are some people who believe that long-term AI could almost have an extinction
risk for our humanity. Yet, Infosys believes that AI has many possible powerful use cases. And
therefore, we will use AI using our Topaz infrastructure and our AI-first thinking to bring about
transformation of our clients. And we will do that using responsible AI. We’ll make sure that the AI
follows regulatory rules, privacy rules, and the accuracy rules that we need. So, we believe that AI can
be a force for good with the appropriate guardrails. So, my question and answers, I now hand over to
Salil to take his questions.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Nandan. Now, to the questions that we have received from the web chat, I have a few that I
will go through.
The first from Mr. Vipul Kumar Shah. Will generative AI result in loss of jobs for coders or will it
increase productivity, and what will be the impact on the profit of the company?
Generative AI has a huge potential for impact with our clients. We see a lot of different projects that are
already coming into the work that we're doing. We are working with both generative AI platforms, large
language models, which are open source, and we are working with generative AI with different
companies have put forward. We see productivity improvements, depending on different areas that
could range from 10% to 30%. We also see a huge level of new type of work, for example, generative
AI leveraging within companies, large areas of information, which are then sourced through for better
usage. That data being used more precisely, for their purposes. We see that in vision, we see that in
software development in various areas. So, our view is most times when new technologies are coming,
that they have an impact which changes how our clients look at new technologies, and that expands
the type of work that those new technologies are providing within clients. And there's also the need to
of course, look at technologies over the past generations and making sure that they are integrated in.
So overall, we see an exciting future that is unleashed by generative AI.
Next question, Mr. Krishnendu Chakraborty. What will be Infosys view on future complete remote
office or Metaverse, or similar platform?
- 35 -Here, we have really built a flexible approach to how our employees are working. Over the last several
months and quarters, we've seen a steady increase in employees that are starting to come back into
the office. We also see that there are office locations in newer areas that we've set up, for example in
Vizag, for example in the Navi Mumbai, where we are seeing more and more employees starting to
come into these offices. We believe over time, there will be more need for social connect and social
capital. There are several clients who are requesting that the teams be working on campus for their
projects and that is happening. And this is going on all around the world and within India for our
employees.
The next question from Mr. Munirathnamma Raghavendra. Where do we see Infosys in the next five
years across different sectors, and the impact of AI into those sectors?
Earlier what I shared on generative AI and Topaz; Topaz really has become the platform, the
foundation on which all of our AI and generative AI work is being done. We have tremendous level of
large templates, use cases and real client examples beyond generative AI on AI, as well. Each of these
are impacting different industries in different ways. We see, for example, Financial Services industries
are leveraging AI in a fast way to rework what their internal approach to data and information is looking
like. We see a different approach coming in Telecom, we see a different approach coming in Utilities.
And overall, we see the industries are all getting impacted in a way that will leverage more and more of
AI, which is supporting data analytics, machine learning and overall generative AI into the future.
Our next question from Mr. Sajit Chellappan – What is the long-term strategy for work from home
policy for India-based employees?
Again, building on the previous point, our focus so far has been to make sure that we have a flexible
approach for our employees. And we've seen a tremendous positive reception from the employees all
around India on this. We are making sure that the employees have the ability to work from home or
work hybrid. In some cases, where clients are requiring it, we have employees and teams that are
working within the campus. On a long-term basis, we see a mix of where people will work, where there
will be a need for increased social capital to connect with people, to work with teams, to do new work
jointly, and for mentoring and coaching of individuals. And we see the flexibility that will enable more
and more employees to be part of the work system. So, we are seeing that as really the way the future
is evolving. And we are also keeping a close track of how our employees are relating to it, and how our
clients are relating to it to build this strategy as we go ahead.
Next question from Mr. Vasudeva Rao. The question is, why are we not going for big acquisitions.
COVID provided a good opportunity to acquire. Any plans in the future to go for big acquisitions?
So here, our view is we have a very good balance sheet and a good position overall, with respect to
how we can look at acquisitions. Our approach has been to look at things which will fit in strategically
within a digital or Cloud or AI framework. And then look at what will be the way to integrate it, then we
look at the culture of the company. And then we look at what is the method of running it day to day
once the company has been acquired. Based on those, of course the price value, we make the
- 36 -decision. We’re here today, looking across different sizes of acquisitions. As a potential company falls
into the right buckets for those, we will continue to do acquisitions. We've also been mindful, as we've
seen over the last two years, where some of the acquisitions that were initially of high value, the value
has come down. So, we are now looking more carefully at the future of acquisitions.
Our next question from [unclear audio] – what are the growth opportunities in Middle East and South
America? And what are the current revenue percentages in in these markets?
We have a presence in Middle East and South America. Those are low revenue percentages. We've
taken a focus in the past few years, where it's been much more on North America, European, and other
parts of Asia Pacific, specifically Australia and New Zealand to develop those markets. We've also built
strategic joint ventures in Japan and in Singapore to expand our markets. We are now looking at the
future where there's a huge set of opportunities in the Middle East. And we want to scale that market up
as well. And we will see more and more focus into the Middle East as we go ahead.
Our next question is from [unclear audio] – when will our investments in Metaverse start yielding
revenue? How large do we expect revenue stream in percentage terms?
As you may be aware, we have created what we call the Metaverse Foundry, which is widely accepted
within our client base. Today, we are seeing more and more use cases and interest in that. However, it
is at an early stage today of development. And we see over time, more and more interest in this.
Next question is from Mr. Ramesh Babu Satrasala – The question is because of the slowdown in the
economy for software and export, how is the impact on profit and fresh hires in the coming quarters?
So here, the overall demand environment, as was discussed earlier, is changed. With the global
economy slowing down and the GDP rate slowing down, we see now more attention of clients moving
from digital and cloud transformation to cost efficiency and automation. And we are fortunate that even
in the consolidation area, we have a lot of opportunities that are coming in. We just announced you may
have seen a few weeks ago a memorandum of understanding with BP, the original British Petroleum,
where there's a huge benefit to Infosys from consolidation and a tremendous opportunity in the future.
We have also announced jointly with our client just a couple of days ago, a very large transformation
and efficiency program in the Denmark market with Danske Bank. These are the sorts of opportunities
we see coming about, and therefore we see our focus into those areas will continue to give us benefits.
Those are the questions I had and now I pass it on to Nilanjan.
Nilanjan Roy
Thanks, Salil.
The first question I have is, why are our margins dropping when most of our competition is doing fairly
well? Is large deals eating the margins? What is the strategy to maintain good margin while having
good growth? And this is a question from Jagirda Hanumesh Vasudeva Rao.
- 37 -So, in FY 23, as you're aware, we had margin impacts from salary increases. We had some costs
coming back like travel and our utilizations dipped. Also, large deals which were struck in prior years we
had the initial impact of that. But as you know that our aspiration continues to be to give, you know,
robust and strong growth, and robust and strong margins. So, we are working on the margin side
continuing to look at levers like automation, looking at Pyramid optimization onsite-offshore mix. And
from the growth side, as you are all aware, we have delivered industry-leading growth over the last few
years. And we continue to aspire towards that.
The next question is how many MSME vendors were engaged during the financial year and what is the
transaction value of business with such MSME vendors? Is there any delay in payment to such vendors
in FY 22-23? If so, what is the value? This is a question from Mr. N. Nanchiappan.
As on March 31, 2023, the outstanding value of dues to MSMEs was ₹97 crore and the value of
payment made after the due date along with interest thereon during the year was ₹33 crore.
The third question is how prepared is the company to hedge the risk of dollar depreciation?
As you all know that we have a very strong natural hedge in many markets which we operate. The
revenue and the costs are matched. So, you have salaries in the local currency as well as the revenue.
At what level of market risk is remaining, we hedge that through a very robust treasury policy which is
governed by the Audit Committee. And you've seen the impact of that over the last few years which we
have reduced the volatility of the Forex line tremendously due to this policy.
With that, I pass on to Manikantha.
A. G. S. Manikantha
Thank you, Nilanjan. I had a few questions from the web chat.
There were two shareholders who were asking of how to view the statutory registers. The questions
were from Supriya and Pankaj Gupta.
The shareholders may note that all the information of the company is actually available on the website
of the company. So, therefore, I request all the shareholders to look into the website of the company
and also the Stock Exchange website for information dissemination and there are registers which are
also filed with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. So, shareholders can actually take the information from
those publicly available information. In spite of that, if there are any specific questions or information
which is required, you can refer or you can send a query to investors@infosys.com and we will answer
that suitably.
- 38 -There was a next question from Sujata Kiran. The question is what is assurance from the company
side against any allegation which may bring down the share price of the company such as insider
trading and all that?
The answer is our robust policy framework always ensure compliance with applicable rules and
regulations. We have also updated our compliance frameworks in response to the requirements of
regulator and remain proactively engaged with them. Our robust Whistleblower Policy and program also
ensures that any allegation is investigated in an objective manner. This framework serves to the
interest of all the stakeholders.
Those were the questions which was directed at me. With that, I'll hand over to Mr. Chairman.
Nandan Nilekani
Thank you, Mani. And now we'll come to the second round of questions. These are the questions that
were asked in the video conference, and we will answer them in the same order.
I had two questions. First question is our ratio of female directors is only 12% against 40% at employee
level. Can we increase this please? This is shareholder Santosh.
Santosh, this AGM we have the resolution for Helene’s appointment placed before the shareholders for
approval. Post that approval, if it is obtained, the ratio of female directors will go to 25%.
Second question – what is your view on AI replacing humans in the workforce?
We believe that AI has the potential to make a big improvement in the productivity of people. And we
have found that the more qualified, the more experienced a person is, you can derive more benefit from
AI like automatic code generation and all that. So definitely productivity will go up. But we believe that it
will be used to amplify the productivity of existing people. Therefore, we feel that we'll be able to benefit
from this much more. At the same time, we agree we have to become more efficient and share the
efficiencies with our clients. So, we will take this, and Infosys is on the path to applying AI in a very
rapid way with our AI-first strategy that we are rolling out across the company at the moment. Thank
you. Now I'll hand over to Salil.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Nandan.
I have a few questions from the questions asked in the video and by some audio.
The first question from Mr. Sadananda Sastry, for me, what is the revenue by geography, India? India
has the least place. How do we uplift this?
- 39 -So, here we are doing some extremely strategic work to make India fully digital, as is being driven
across the entire government. We are working on the GST program, on the Income tax program. And
we will continue to work on such strategic programs as they become as the government is doing more
of them. And we have really very strong expertise in those areas. So, this will continue to increase. We
are also looking at the private sector where more and more of this digital work is starting to happen
across the country.
Next question, also from Sadananda Sastry.
The question was about many senior employees leaving the company. How will the company take care
of the image?
Here, we are extremely solid in terms of the strong bench of leaders that Infosys has. We feel that that
group of leaders that Infosys has produced over the years through its own leadership development and
through the work hey do with clients in Delivery, in markets, really prepares them to do more and more
work. And we have made sure that those leaders step up and take that on. We feel good about the fact
t
that we have such a deep leadership bench, and we will continue to work on that as we go ahead.
Our next question from Abhirup – what are the company's plans on expanding the Cloud business?
Cloud is really absolutely core to what we are driving. We discussed earlier, the Cobalt platform, the
capability set, whether it's on Infra-as-a-service, Software-as-a-service, Platform-as-a-service, we really
have the leading market capability in Cloud. We see good traction for Cloud activity overall with clients.
We see that there is a Cloud becomes the underpinning for transformation, as companies are looking to
move into the digital age, into the AI age. That becomes the base foundation that will be needed. And
with our strong partnerships with several of the large Cloud companies, we believe we are well-
positioned to play in that and this will continue to grow.
Next question from Suman Agarwal. Question is how is the company going to grow in the next five
years, organic versus inorganic?
Now, here, over the past several years, we made about eight or so acquisitions. Those acquisitions are
well-integrated. We feel that approach will continue into the future. We will look for acquisitions which fit
the strategic direction, the cultural fit and the value, the ability to integrate. Based on that, we will
continue the acquisition approach and the organic approach will continue. We will continue to work with
our clients to expand as they look for the cost and efficiency and automation programs in this
environment and also look to expand on transformation programs as they continue to make changes in
the business. So, both dimensions will carry on into the next few years.
- 40 -Next question from Shailesh – Which are the verticals in the business which have been least affected
and also significantly affected by the current macro-economic conditions?
So, here what we have shared in the past, we have seen industries such as Financial Services in
mortgage and asset management, and investment banking, the Telecom sector, Hi-Tech, some areas
of Retail, those are the ones that are most impacted within this environment that we have seen, what
we reported in the end of Q4 and before that. We will see as we go ahead and how these evolve into
the future quarters.
Next question from Celestine – How is the company managing employee attrition?
What we've seen over the last four quarters, Q4 and before, attrition has steadily been coming down
each quarter on a quarterly basis. We see a lot of the initiatives that we've put in place, and also the
overall economic environment, both of them relating to the attrition coming down, our employee
engagement scores are continuing to go up and we believe that with that we will have a good control on
attrition in the coming quarters. And we will make sure that that becomes translated as we look at the
recruitment cycle and bringing in more employees from outside.
Our next question from Santosh – Can you please provide detail on how many new clients were added
in the last financial year?
So here, in a specific point, in the last financial year, we have added 458 new clients.
Next question from Dharav – Apart from the Cloud capability and digital, does the company have other
pillars on which it sees future growth?
So very clearly, the digital approach which comprises Cloud, digital, then also data and analytics,
cybersecurity, IoT (Internet of Things), those are really good growth drivers. We are now seeing much
more focus on generative AI that we have discussed quite a bit in all the questions and answers and
overall becoming more AI-driven, AI-first and clients are looking at that. Then, in this environment,
which is a different macro environment, there is more and more attention to cost efficiency, automation
and consolidation. So, we are fortunate that we have both types of growth drivers where people are
looking at transformation, they can look at Digital, Cloud and AI. And when they're looking at efficiency,
they can look at cost, automation, consolidation and both engines are available with Infosys.
Our next question also from Dharav – Considering the FSI segment has small share in US regional
banks, what do you expect impact on Infosys?
- 41 -So, we have a diverse portfolio in Financial Services, large global banks, regional banks, mid-sector
banks, in cards, in payments, investment banks, asset managers, really very broad and diversified
client base in the FS business. Now within US, less than 2% of our revenue has this exposure into the
regional banking, and there we are therefore comfortable that that exposure is not going to because it's
less than 2% not going to impact us in an overall scale of the business.
Next question also from Dharav – What steps has company taken for wellbeing of employees?
So here, Infosys, over the years has been extremely focused on wellbeing of employees. We have
internally programs, for example, on health assessment and lifestyle enrichment. We have wellness
programs for physical wellbeing and social wellbeing. And we also have wellbeing rates, where across
locations, we track it and support employees in driving that. We are seeing a good traction overall on
employee wellbeing within the company today.
Next question from Redappa – A strong growth in digital with decline in core, how does the
management have a plan to have growth both in digital and core?
What we saw last financial year in some quarters, we actually saw good growth in core and digital. And
now in this environment, as we see more and more focus on cost efficiency, automation and
consolidation, we will see more and more attention to core services. But keeping in mind the overall
macro condition, we will balance and make sure our focus on digital transformation and on core
services remain strong.
Next question from Shrenik Mehta – Please provide company strategy on both organic and inorganic.
So here, similar to the point we discussed earlier, we have an approach to both organic and inorganic.
In acquisitions, we have a focus on what will fit strategically and culturally in terms of value and
integration. And on organic growth, we have a lot of focus on the areas we've discussed on Cloud, on
digital, on AI-first, and on cost and efficiency in this environment.
Next question from Shri Rama Vinodha – How is the company investing in employees for reskilling
and upskilling?
So there, we've always had, over the last several years a strong focus on skilling. We have Mysore
campus where we have in-person training for all of our new employees. Over the last few years, we put
in place the Lex capability which allows online training through mobiles for all employees. We measure
reskilling by each of our different departments to make sure that employees have the opportunity of
reskilling, and then the projects that become available to employees to drive through that reskilling. We
are tracking internally, something called a Digital Quotient, that allows us to measure what is the
- 42 -change in the type of skills every employee has, and that allows them to then become more and more
relevant for the new types of work our clients are doing.
Next question from Alex. What is the plan of the company in internally using AI for increasing
productivity and quality?
So there, what we discussed on generative AI is applicable both with our clients, but also within the
company, where we are leveraging large language models both on the open source and dedicated
generative AI platforms to improve productivity in software development. We've already seen
places where that improvement is visible within our teams. We're also taking our own software
development modules and approaches, especially in our product business and putting them through
the large language model to enhance productivity. And you will start to see the impact of this as we go
through the next few quarters and years to make the benefit available internally to our productivity.
Those are the questions I had. With that, I'll pass it on to the Nilanjan.
Nilanjan Roy
Thank you, Salil.
The first question I have we have requested multiple times for the company to do buybacks using
tender offer mode. SEBI has come up with new regulations that the buybacks need to be done through
tender offer. Please confirm if further buybacks will be like that. And the shareholder name is Shamit
Mehta.
So as you all know, we have a five-year capital allocation policy which we've laid out for the financial
year 2024 period. And within that there are three components: there's a dividend component, a special
dividend and a buyback component. And these allow predictability and consistency of returns. And as
we've said, we've already returned 86% back and the Board looks at multipleelements looking at EPS
accretion, looking at share price, yield on a cash return and then determines the most appropriate way
to return this capital back. As regards the latest SEBI mandates on buybacks, we will continue to see
that and how they will be implemented over the next year or two years.
The next question is from Sadananda Sastry on page 301, Other expenses ₹133 crore increase in
ECL. How do we reduce it?
So, as you know, the company makes provisions for expected credit losses based on historical
performance on the macro-economic conditions in terms of the geographies we operate in, and the
sectors we operate in, and therefore makes the provisions appropriately. This is as per the relevant
accounting standards.
- 43 -Does the company have plans of doing CSR activities in the eastern part of the country? This is from
shareholder Manoj Kumar.
So, as you know, our CSR policy encompasses work around women empowerment, around health,
education, and of course, sustainability, targeting the underprivileged. We also look at criteria around
scaling up of these projects, and making sure that they have an impact and follow our overall themes.
We have also started doing many projects in the east of the country, and if they meet these criteria, we
will continue to expand there.
The next question is regarding work from office two days from office two days from home, what is the
policy of the company in this regard?
I think we have a very flexible policy and a hybrid policy in terms of working from office and working
from home to give people the flexibility. We encourage, of course, people to come to work a few days,
and we believe that increases our social capital. And I think a big portion of this, of course depends
upon our client requirements and our clients of course insist that employees come into work. So, this
helps us maintaining a fair balance of giving client connectivity, and time for teams working together.
Infosys margins may remain subdued in the next two, three years. What are the levers available to
improve this? Reddappa.
So as you know, we've given guidance for financial year 2024. And of course, we don't give a guidance
beyond that. But like I explained earlier in one question, we have multiple levers for us to aspire to get
higher margins and robust margins. We've talked about the Pyramid. We've talked about onsite
offshore mix. Automation remains a big element, pricing, and there are the levers like subcon, etc.,
which help us to continue to look at improving margins.
Next question is whether the company is listed on any global ESG forum or platform. And this is from
shareholder Celestine.
Yes, as we already mentioned, we have of course got recognized, you know, rankings in India as well.
But we are also recognized globally. We are part of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, we have got a
double A rating from MSCI ESG ratings, a global rating. We are under A-list of CDP in 2022. We are on
the EcoVadis ratings as well. So, we are recognized as a leader in both our sector and even across
sectors in many of these ratings globally.
Cybersecurity and data privacy are big concerns these days. What steps are we taking in this direction?
And this is a question from Shailesh.
So, in cybersecurity, at Infosys, it's managed to multi-layered controls with defense in depth approach,
starting from cybersecurity strategy, policies, processes. We got multiple certifications from ISO 27001.
And also, we've been attested by SSAE, which is an independent audit firm. On data privacy, also
- 44 -Infosys has seen significant growth of the DPO from 2010. And we've established an independent data
privacy office and we are consistently working with our clients to improve both our securityand zero
trust profiles and also on data privacy as well.
Next question is can the company provide the initiatives just taken on sustainability and climate
change?
As you can see from our ESG book, which is on our website, we have an encompassing goal across all
the three pillars of E, S and G. On Environment, we are looking holistically at climate change, at waste,
and for water and we have aggressive goals, all of them. On the sustainability side, you know of
Springboard program, which is giving free education across both India and across the world. We have
digital skilling as another initiative, which we are taking up, women in workforce 39.4%, one of the
highest in the sector across the world, across many of our peers as well. On the G side, we're working
on improving governance, we've got the Ethisphere award for the most ethical company three years in
a row. We're continuing to work on our supply chain ESG and auditing many of our supply chain
partners to make sure that their ESG elements are also built into what we are consuming. And these
are the initiatives we have taken, and we are laying out a goal every year and reporting against that in
the ESG data book.
Next question is how are we geared up to handle recession in the US and Western countries? And this
is from Manoj.
Yes, as you've heard, both from Salil, there has been across the macro environment slowdown, and
this is reflected in our growth guidance for FY24. We have a very healthy pipeline, our pivot towards
cost takeout for our clients in this environment becomes very critical. And therefore, some of the deals
you have been seeing winning are based on these. This helps our clients reduce costs to automation to
improve offshoring, digitization, and therefore makes us as, IT services company, a very important part
of their overall business environment. And our end-to-end offerings during digital transformation help
our clients to take out cost as well as help them in their longer-term transformation exercise.
Next question is what is the reason for increase in travel expenses and software expenses?
Travel, of course, came back last year as the COVID controls really have eased during the last year
and therefore, if you can see pre-COVID as well, our travels are now going up at that level. Software
expenses are going up, and because they are integrated to our overall delivery, whether it is Cloud,
whether its overall infrastructure, these are becoming integral to the delivery model, which we have.
Infosys is known for giving special dividends. What can we expect? When can we expect special
dividend on completing 40 years? This was from a shareholder Srikantha.
- 45 -Like I just mentioned, we have the Capital Allocation Policy which talks about special dividends,
buybacks and regular dividends. And of course, over the last four years in line with our policy, we
returned 86% back. The Board continuously looks at different elements into the decision of giving
buybacks and of course, at this stage, we don’t have any special announcement on special dividend.
The last question is when can we expect a bonus from the company?
At this stage, we have no such announcement to make.
A. G. S. Manikantha
Thank you, Nilanjan. There were a few questions which came from video and audio questions.
The first question is from Mr. Shrenik. The question is every time I cast my vote, I find my mobile and
data is not registered with NSDL. KFin Tech is not picking up the data fully from NSDL. What can you
do to help?
The shareholders may note that the RTA system is fully automated, and it actually reflects the details
which is uploaded on the depositories. There is no manual intervention there. So therefore, the
information which is available at the depositories is the one which has been processed by an RTA.
In case if you cannot retrieve your details, the way you have done it, you can request for resetting the
login ID and password. You will receive the same.
The next question was from Mr. Bharat Raj. Request to arrange for the Mangalore DC visit and there
was also a suggestion for holding the physical AGM.
We were privileged to hold the shareholders in our Mysore campus a few years back. As we returned to
the normalcy, we will look into the request appropriately in the future. And with request to the physical
meeting, I think as you know virtual meetings give shareholders access from across the globe. In fact, a
few shareholders have suggested that the meeting should be conducted virtual.
In this AGM, we have around 23 shareholders who are joining from different countries and from
different time zones, which actually helps them to connect from everywhere.
The next question was from Mr. Sadananda Sastry, about the details are mentioned in the tenure of
director which is mentioned as not applicable.
- 46 -The answer is, Nandan is appointed as a non-executive and non-independent director. He is liable to
retire by rotation as required under the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, he is offering himself for
shareholders’ approval, periodically.
There was another question from buyback requesting the details of the regulations. I think these details
were already provided by Mr. Nilanjan.
Those were the questions which were directed at me. With that, I'll hand over back to Mr. Nandan.
- 47 -