Chairman’s speech – Nandan Nilekani
Dear shareholders, welcome to the 42nd Annual General Meeting of Infosys. As we gather again
virtually to discuss the progress made in the year gone past, it is a pleasure to host you. On behalf of
the Infosys Board of Directors, I thank you for making the time to join us today and for your continued
support over the years.
Fiscal 2023 has been a year of strong overall growth – 15.4% in constant currency, delivering US$ 18.2
billion in revenues. Operating margin for the year remained healthy at 21%. And we generated US$ 2.5
billion in free cash flows. Our digital business continued to expand and makes up 62.2% of our total
revenue. We grew in double digits across most industry segments and across major geographic
markets, 26% in Europe and 12% in the US. We had 95 large deals valued at US$ 9.8 billion for the
year, of which 40% was net new. This promises a solid foundation to grow and build resilience in the
months to come.
For fiscal 2023, the Board has recommended a final dividend of ₹17.50 per share. Together with the
interim dividend of ₹16.50 per share already paid, the total dividend per share for FY23 amounts to
₹34, which is a 9.7% increase over FY22. With this, the Company has announced a total dividend of
approximately ₹14,200 crores for FY23. A Company has completed the open market share buyback on
February 13, at an average price of approximately ₹1,539 per share compared to the maximum
buyback price of ₹1,850 per share. Including the recently concluded buyback and final dividend for
FY23, the Company has returned approximately 86% of free cash flow to shareholders over four years
starting FY20.
The shareholders at the 41st AGM held on June 25th, 2022, reappointed Salil Parekh as CEO and MD
effective July 1st, 2022, till March 31st, 2027. Salil is effectively steering Infosys towards growth and
continued relevance through the changing economic macro environment. He has successfully
institutionalized the ‘One Infosys’ approach to position our company to work with clients, both for their
long-ranging digital transformation and for cost efficiency and resilience programs that are of vital
importance to them to thrive in the near term.
The shareholders also approved the appointment of Govind Iyer as an independent director, effective
Jan 12, 2023, for a term of five years till Jan 11, 2028. The Board, based on the recommendations of
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, appointed D. Sundaram as Lead Independent Director
of the Company, effective March 23rd, 2023, and recommends the appointment of Helene Auriol Potier
as an Independent Director of the Company effective May 26th, 2023, for a period of three years,
subject to the approval of the shareholders. Kiran Mazumdar-Shah, Lead Independent Director, retired
as a member of the Board of Directors on completion of tenure effective March 22nd, 2023. We
profusely thank Kiran for having been an integral member of the Infosys family, providing valuable
guidance and leadership to the Board over the years. I am personally very grateful to her as she has
been a tremendous ally, and an amazing colleague on the Board ever since I rejoined Infosys in August
- 5 -2017. Uri Levine also retired as an independent director effective April 19th, 2023, upon completion of
his term. The Bboard places on record its sincere appreciation over Uri’s contribution to Infosys.
The receding pandemic brought an end to one set of challenges, but its aftermath has created new
ones. The cocktail of inflation, interest rates, geopolitics, war, demand volatility, supply chain
dislocations, the shift from efficiency to resilience and security, all morphing quickly and without warning
is upon us. This means doing all we can to be more efficient in the present, as well as nurturing
readiness for growth in the future. This is no mean task. The volatility of our times creates several
probable future states, and businesses must be equally prepared to succeed in any one of those. That
is why it is critical to be flexible and avoid making choices today that may shut key avenues in the
future, and to reduce concentration risks that can make the business less adaptable to new realities
that can emerge in the times to come.
At Infosys, we understand what it takes to navigate this era of optionality. Through times rough and
smooth, we have brought great focus to becoming better, becoming more efficient, and resilient in the
present, while also securing our relevance in a progressive future. This has stood us in good stead. We
understand what it takes to prepare for many eventualities, and we know our clients, our employees
and you, our shareholders, count on us to be agile, adapt quickly and nimbly learn to thrive in any new
reality. Not only are we committed to doing that, but we are also relentless in our efforts to set our
clients up for success. A big part of that is helping them build their digital adaptability, so they can flex
from strategy to execution in response to the fast-paced changes and intense uncertainty.
With the One Infosys approach to orchestrating our collective capabilities, we started our transformation
to become a digital-first Live Enterprise bringing the same advantage of digital agility and resilience to
our clients as well. Our disproportionate investments in cloud through Infosys Cobalt cloud solutions are
helping our clients bring its advantages into every facet of their own business, from re-energizing
operations, to driving innovations for growth. In addition, Infosys acquired Base life science A/S, a
consulting and technology firm in the Life Science space industry in Europe to scale its digital
transformation capabilities with cloud-based industry solutions. Even more significantly, the Company's
cloud capabilities have created the foundation for our clients to build their AI-first business.The
immense potential of AI and more recently, advances in generative AI, we know from our own
experience of rapidly evolving into an AI-first enterprise are not without their share of complexities.
Several practical, ethical and intellectual property-related issues, when it comes to AI, remain
,
unresolved. We also know that the path to scaling AI in the enterprise is far from simple. And yet, the
AI-first strategy we’ve embraced is already working for us. We have redesigned the organization to
judiciously balance people, technology and process while also executing work by segmenting into
cognitive tasks. Today, we are able to bring to our global clientele, the same ability to accelerate
business value and amplify human potential using AI technology with Infosys Topaz™.
While technology is core to everything we do, at its core, Infosys is a people company. Nurturing talent
for the future is key to our continued success We spare no efforts to provide our employees ample
opportunities to learn and grow, while assuring them of a safe workplace that is fair, rewarding and free
.
of discrimination and bias The well-being and intrinsic motivation of our very talented, diverse and
multicultural workforce will propel us forward.We recruited over 50,000 college graduates in the year,
.
- 6 -bringing our total headcount to over 340,000 employees, of which 39% are women. Upskilling and
reskilling them all for careers of the future is a top priority for us. Over the year, a training ecosystem
enabled over 5.5 million learning days for our employees.Our people track and manage their own
digital skills aided by a comprehensive score, Digital Quotient. Through accelerated learning, when they
complete certified courses and gain substantial experience in the skill set or technology, they qualify for
Skill Tags. As employees gather more Skill Tags, multiple career pathways into exciting technology
spaces open for them within the Infosys ecosystem. Bridge programs and intelligent platforms like
Accelerate and Marketplace automatically match employees with the roles of their aspirations.
Matching a passion to deliver for clients and nurture our people is a commitment to the larger
community. This is encapsulated in our shared purpose – to amplify human potential, and create the
next opportunity for people, businesses and communities.It inspires us to be a sustainable business in
every sense of the word. It drives us to nurture ambitious ESG aspirations, and to come together as
One Infosys to realize it. From building a diverse workforce with strong, inclusive leaders to embracing
positive climate change to helping our clients do the same and earning the trust of all our stakeholders
through ethical corporate governance, we do our best to move us all forward.As a result of these
efforts, and aligned to our ESG vision for 2030, we also continue to be responsive to the needs of
society in new and innovative ways. As an example, digital skills taught through Infosys Springboard,
Infosys’ flagship digital learning platform, is opening up a wealth of new opportunities for Brent
Council’s business community in the UK, ensuring Brent businesses have the skills to thrive in the
digital age. In a partnership with Harvard Business Publishing, students and young learners in India are
now able to access resources including select Harvard Business Review articles, videos and podcasts,
as well as 10 Harvard Management Mentor courses on Infosys Springboard. In the US, Infosys
Springboard includes three learning tracks for the entire learner spectrum from K-12 through post-
secondary and professional digital skills development.Today, we are empowering 8.5 million people,
the world over, through our digital skilling initiatives.
With mindful and planned efforts, Infosys continues to be carbon neutral for the fourth successive year.
Through the work of Infosys Foundation we support a variety of social causes, including creating
positive impact in healthcare, education, sustainability, and women empowerment. Internally within
Infosys, our systems practices controls and procedures are well-governed not just to help us make
effective decisions, but to comply with the law in letter and spirit, so we can effectively meet the needs
and expectations of external stakeholders. This has always been the Infosys way.
The digital transformation of every industry and every aspect of life over the last several years, has laid
the foundations for the opportunities that are to emerge. Our clients trust us to enable them not only to
make the right digital investments but to mine these to deliver greater value for them through the future.
After all, Infosys today is ranked in the top three IT services brands, and among the top 150 most
valued brands globally. The challenge to keep moving ahead in these particularly dynamic times no
doubt is immense. But the opportunity, and our capability and confidence to harness it is tremendous
too. We are well-prepared for the future that may be unpredictable, but it is also up to us to build. On
behalf of the Board. I want to assure you that Infosys is geared in every way with its rich track record,
dedicated workforce, strong capabilities, premium brand and a clear strategy to provide exceptional
service and value to all our stakeholders. I want to thank all our employees, clients, co-founders, and
- 7 -governments of the countries and states that we operate in for their unstinting support over the years.
Infosys has gone from strength to strength because of your backing. And to each of our shareholders, a
a big thank you. Your commitment to Infosys, the people we serve and the businesses we drive,
inspires us to bring our best to work for you every day. Our sincere thanks to all of you.
CEO’s address – Salil Parekh
Good afternoon, good evening, all of the shareholders. Welcome to the Annual General Meeting. Over
the next few minutes, I will share with you an update from our business perspective how the year was.
We've had in this year a strong performancein a changing, evolving dynamic environment, and we
have some leading capabilities in generative AI that I will also reference in the discussion.
First, in terms of the year, we had a good growth over 15%, our digital business grew very nicely at
25%. Our clients, which are over 100 million in revenue annually, were at 40. So good metrics and
good dimensions to see the growth of the business. The operating margin was strong at 21%. And we
had free cash flow of two and a half billion US dollars. We also had a good set of large deals, very
strong 95 deals, each over 50 million in size, and the total of that at 9.8 billion, with 40% net new which
helped us in building the foundation for the years to come. On the large client relationships, we have
seen steadily growing numbers, 40 in the previous financial year, 38 before that, and 32 before that.
As we look at our industries, we had good growth across most of our industries. In fact, all of them were
growing. A very strong performance in manufacturing and energy utilities. We are also good
performance in retail and the communication sector.
Our employee base continues to expand at over 340,000 at the end of the year in March 2023. And of
that, we also had a continued strong recruitment of college hires across the world, but more in India at
over 50,000 college hires.
If I look at the financial performance, and we want to share this in rupees, each of our metrics, if you
look at total revenues, this is in rupees a growth of 20% net profit, very solid, operating profit, very solid.
We saw the operating cash flow and the free cash flow reducing from previous years, but at a very solid
level, given the dynamic nature of the industry and the macro-economic environment last year.
In terms of our Balance Sheet, we continue to remain strong, debt-free and liquid. And that Balance
Sheet is really the foundation of how we can position ourselves as a company into the future.
When we look at total shareholder return across five years, we've had a strong performance both
between the share price increase and the dividend yield. In addition, we have returned over the last
four years, over ₹69,000 crore to shareholders between the buyback and the regular dividend in each
of the last years. This is very well-aligned with the policy that we had put in place. This represents just
approximately 86% of our free cash flow in that past four financial years. Our total shareholder return as
- 8 -we compare with other peers stands very well as we look across the period of December 17 to March
23.
Now one of the things we've been focused on over the past several years is building out deep
capabilities, especially in the digital space. We had put together a strategy representing the pentagon
with different elements of digital. Today, we are really delighted that we have a leader capability in 56 of
these categories when we look at different external agencies, which ranked various companies on their
digital ratings.
One of the most significant moves we've had in the past year, year and a half, two years was the push
on the cloud. And that has been really the launch of Cobalt, which combines all of our cloud
capabilities, whether it's infra as a service, software as a service, platform as a service, and in fact,
software partnerships which come from many of these cloud providers.
We have built tremendous capabilities on our own with our partners. And today, we are in the leading
position of driving cloud-driven business innovation, which supports the transformation of our clients
when they go on to the cloud journey.
More recently, we have launched Topaz™. Topaz™ is really encompassing all of AI and especially
generative AI capabilities. In generative AI, we have created leading capabilities using large language
models, which are open source by nature, large language models, which come from different
companies. We have today 50 active client projects where we are using generative AI. And this is
becoming an increasing part of the new world, which is going to be defined on an AI-first basis.
Here, we've also built a very strong group of ecosystem partners, which we work with on AI and also on
generative AI. It’s not just generative AI, it's on AI operations on vision areas, several AI startups and
the hyperscalers and how they are leveraging the AI capabilities. We believe this is really the
foundation Topaz and generative AI offer large transformation, which will go into the future as the world
changes and leverages AI and generative AI.
One of the most critical reasons why we've had a strong performance this past year and over the past
few years, is the concept we put in place of One Infosys. Here, all of our employees work directly for
the benefit of our clients across all boundaries, departments, function. We are both focused on new
transformation work and making sure that all of the work is getting delivered to our clients, leveraging
all of that capability as one single Infosys, keeping the clients’ interests first in our mind.
With that, I will conclude. First, the financial year 2023 was a strong year for our business. We have
positioned the Company to work with our clients for digital transformation, but also more and more as
they look at cost efficiency and the automation programs. We have developed a strong set of
capabilities in generative AI, and overall in an AI-first approach via Topaz™. We have already
extremely strong capabilities on cloud, which is based on Cobalt, which our clients are leveraging. And
One Infosys is really the foundation of all of this work that we do within the Company and for the benefit
of our clients. I want to in conclusion, thank you all of our shareholders, for your continued trust and
support in the Company. With this sort of a foundation and your trust with us, we see a future which is
- 9 -successful future for Infosys, working with more clients and enabling more of our employees for a future
in an AI-first technology-driven world. Thank you. And back to you, Nandan.
Nandan Nilekani
Thank you, Salil. I now request Manikantha, the Company Secretary, to provide a summary of the
auditor's report.

