
Thank you, ma’am.
May I now request the next shareholder, Mr. Shailesh?
Shailesh, Sir, kindly go ahead and ask your question.
Shailesh
Yes, Sir. Respected Chairman, distinguished directors, the management team members and the
members of Infosys.
Sir, let me first congratulate the entire Company for getting one more year of excellent results
financially and in all other activities. Sir, the presentation by the Chairman was excellent. And it was
further supplemented by the Managing Director. Sir, I have become wiser, as far as our company’s
working is concerned and more satisfied than what I was. Now, I wish to also appreciate the services of
- 12 -the secretarial department, which has enabled me to participate in this meeting. Sir, with this, I would
like to ask two or three questions. Sir, my first question is that there are frequent changes in
technology, particularly in recent times, and this trend is likely to continue. Sir, what I would like to
understand is how fast our employees get adjusted to this changing situation in such a fast way. Are we
encountering any problem in this particular situation? Sir, my second question is regarding the world
economic growth, which is likely to remain low in the current year also. Sir, our business has a direct
relation with the GDP, world GDP. Sir, my question is that I'm sure some of our businesses must have
also been affected, not canceled but delayed. Sir, what I would like to know is which of the verticals of
our business has remained unaffected or least affected and which vertical has been affected to the
maximum. And Sir, my last question is regarding the security, cyber security. Our business is so very
sensitive and data preservation etc. is extremely important. And we also hear many cases that this
safety and security is breached. Sir, what I would like to know is what steps we are taking in this
particular field. And Sir, lastly, before I end, I would like to appreciate the excellent work being done by
Infosys Foundation under the leadership of Mrs. Sudha Murty. I would also like to add that all our
promoters in their individual capacity also, they are working to the society in a very big way. Well, the
nation is proud of all of you. And I hope you will continue to make the progress as you have been doing
in the last so many years. With all this, my pranaam and best wishes to all of you.
