
Namaste, Sir. Thank you. May I now request Mr. Bharat Raj?
Mr. Bharat Raj, kindly go ahead and ask your question.
Bharat Raj
Good evening, Mr. Chairman. I'm calling from Hyderabad. First of all, thanks to Mr. Manikantha for
arranging a wonderful VC. Sir, first of all, congrats to the Board for completing $15 billion company. I'm
very proud. Under the leadership of Mr. Salil, we are doing wonderful. Salil Sir, you successfully
completed five years. I hope you remember at the physical AGM, you successfully completed three
years like a marriage contract. Now, you've completed five years. Sir, I wish you that you retire from my
company. I am telling you in advance that you should retire from my company. Under your leadership,
Mr. Nilanjan Roy, wonderful performance and he's taking care of the dividend payouts and everything. I
know how painful it is for him to arrange all these funds, but he is very maturely and very intelligently
handling the financials, Sir. Thank you.
Sir, I thank my Chairman Mr. Nilekani for giving ₹350 crore to the IIT. Wonderful Sir. This is the
beginning in the country. I hope more entrepreneurs will come and contribute something to the society.
Regarding this dividend payout, thank you very much Sir.
When ex-CEO Mr. Vishal Sikka came, he gave two bonuses. Mr. Parekh, I’m expecting some
something from you Sir. When can we expect bonus for you, Sir? Please look up to the bonus, Sir. Stop
buyback and take care of at least one bonus because you successfully completed five years. At least
this year, declare one bonus. One more thing. I want to bring your notice, Sir. You are a great leader.
There is something I have seen in the Balance Sheet in page number 83. There are 78 sexual
harassment cases. Last year, it was 25. It jumped to 78. I don't know what is happening under your
leadership, Sir. Please look into the issue. Next time this shouldn’t be happening. Discrimination cases
are also 111. I'm very sorry Sir. You're a very good leader. If anything happens, somebody will point at
- 29 -you. My intention is that my leader, my Dhoni, the captain of our team should not be in this position.
You are the best leader, and you are captain of my team. We will always support you. I support
everything for you and all the resolutions, Sir. Mr. Chairman, I requested Mysore visit and you
successfully arranged it. Now, I am requesting Mangalore visit. Whoever is attending the AGM, please
arrange a Mangalore DC visit only for those. In 2019 physical AGM, you said you will look into the
issue. Now COVID is also over. So, whoever is attending the AGM, please arrange a visit to Mangalore
and inform to Manikantha too, Sir. We hope we will visit next year for physical AGM.
Our prime minister is going all over the world Sir but why is my company not giving an opportunity to
arrange a physical AGM? Next year, I hope we will have a physical AGM, get together and great gala,
Sir. We will be happy to see you and meet personally. Once again, all the best for the upcoming year
and my best wishes to the entire Manikantha’s team. God bless you. Thank you for giving this
opportunity. Thank you, Sir.
