
Thank you, Mr. Sadananda Shastri. Now may I request Mr. Manoj to kindly go ahead and ask the
question.
Manoj Kumar Gupta
Hello. Hello. Can you hear me?
Manikantha
Yes, Sir, we can.
Manoj Kumar Gupta
Good evening.Good evening. Respected Chairman, Board of Directors, fellow shareholders. My name
is Manoj Kumar Gupta, I've joined this meeting from my residence, Kolkata.
- 23 -First of all, I thanks to you and your team for the excellent result of the Company for the year 2022-23.
But I have a great respect to you, Mr. Nilekani. But I could not recognize you, after seeing you today
through VC. That is, last five years, everything has changed. Your hair has become white. Because
when I meet you five or six years back in Delhi, you looked like as a young man. Today, your age is
saying that you become between 60 to 70. But anyway, I wish to God for your healthy and prosperous,
safe long life. And thanks to our MD, Mr. Parekh, whose nice presentation that the shareholders will
inspire and the market will boost tomorrow because on his presentation. He has given a nice
presentation. And thanks to Mr. Manikantha and his team for their excellent job to [unclear audio] the
small shareholders, to help the small investors to join this meeting through VC. Such type of people
should be in the corporate sector that can help the people too. Please convey my best wishes to our
founder, that his son-in-law has become the PM of UK. Because I know that one thing, those have
ruled on us for 200 years. Now we have got a chance to rule on them, after 200 years. So, please
convey our best wishes to him. That his son-in-law has got success, ultimately, to be PM. And, thanks
for your dividends, Sir.
And what's your policy for CSR? Have you any plan to expend some amount in this part of the country
to do something for the community and the society under the CSR? And, Sir, there was a media report
some days back after the close down of the work from home, several young generation people
tendered their resignation in TCS and Infosys. Sir, what is the status, how many people have tendered
their resignation, after shutdown of window of work from home. And Sir, have you got any other work of
the government like the Income Tax? Have you any plan to bid to get further job of the government of
India or any state government?
And I have no plan to say of the cybercrime itself. Have you any plan further to launch any buyback and
plan for new campus in northeast? Northeast is growing up after become the anti-government. So, think
about that to launch some new campus in Northeast to give a young generation chance to take a
campus.
Any plan to split the shares, increase the liquidity in the market? Sir, have you any plan to tie up with
the IRCTC for railway work through Infosys? Thank you, Sir, once again, thanks to your Company
Secretary and his team for their support to the small investors to help join this meeting through VC.
Namaskar.
