:
The next question is from the line of Adarsh from CLSA India.
Adarsh:
I just wanted to check on the fee growth. Is this 3% fee growth a fairly widespread
representation of growth or because of third-party slower insurance, different elements
would have a different growth trajectory? How does one see from a medium-term
perspective?
Anindya Banerjee:
There are actually quite a few factors here, Adarsh. One, is that we don't particularly focus
on it as a line item because we are focused on the overall PPOP, risk-calibrated PPOP
growth as our guiding metric. If you look at the fee number for this quarter, again, there is
some impact of the festival seasonality. There is, as you rightly pointed out a de-growth
year-on-year in the third-party distribution led fees, which one would have to adjust for.
In addition to that, I think if you look at a couple of other areas for example, the loan
processing fee where there is, A, a competitive element and B, we also are more focused
on making sure that we have the appropriate loan yield rather than maximizing upfront
fees.
Page 13 of 19In certain products from our overall perspective of customer fairness, we have also
rationalized or reduced substantially the exit penalties like the prepayment premiums and
foreclosure charges on certain categories of loans, for example a personal loan or an auto
loan which is at least somewhat seasoned or business banking where the borrower has
been with us for a couple of years and for whatever reason wishes to exit, we would
charge lower or no penalty is the way we would look at it because it is the borrower
relationship which is important.
In all of these if we adjust the fee growth would be a few percentage points higher than
what is the reported number. Having said that, of course, there are areas where we can
do better for example, FX or transaction banking, these are some of the areas where we
believe we have excellent platforms and we need to leverage those to grow our share and
our revenue but that's the overall kind of range which we would get it. So it should
hopefully improve from the current level over a period of time. But there are many things
we are doing within that to make sure that rather than getting fixated on this number, we
really manage it in a way that contributes to the sustainable growth of the franchise.
Adarsh:
My second last question is for FY2024 and FY2025, if you think about margins peaking
about at some point, next year would be a relatively tough year from a core operating
profits scenario. One can ignore it and say that let's look at two, three-year CAGR. The
second is, do you have levers on the opex side, because the last two to three years opex
post-COVID has been, there's been a lot of investment. So just wanted to understand if
that lever can be of use when margins kind of normalize?
Anindya Banerjee:
This year, we are seeing the benefit of repo rate hike, while the interest costs are moving
up only with some lag and that is leading to a higher operating profit growth than would
have featured in anyone's projections or estimates and some of that will get adjusted next
year. But we will see as we go along, it depends on how we look at incremental lending,
funding and the levers that we have to try and optimize the balance sheet and of course,
all other elements of the PPOP so we'll take that as it comes.
Adarsh:
Is opex the investments done in the last few years at a point where that could be a lever
or continued investments would continue. So opex unlikely to be an ROE lever?
Page 14 of 19Anindya Banerjee:
I think it's a question of choice. It is a very controllable lever, a large part of it. But as we
have said in the past, if for a couple of quarters opex growth is running ahead of revenue
growth because we are continuing to invest in a sustainable way then we will not worry
about it too much.
