:
Next question is from the line of Manish Shukla from Axis Capital.
Manish Shukla:
First question is on loan-to-deposit ratio. If I were to adjust the historically high level of
international loans probably on domestic book, you will be close to peak LDR that you
have been. So going back to the earlier question, while I will appreciate the borrowing part,
till what level are you seeing the LDR and beyond which deposit growth could start
becoming a concern for loan growth?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes, you are right. If you leave aside the overseas balance sheet, the loan-to-deposit ratio
is at 85% and which is at the higher end of the historical range. But as I explained earlier,
we don’t see the deposit growth really as a constraint. I think if you look at the accretion
to deposits on a quarter-on-quarter basis, it has been going up quite smartly as we have
moved the rates in line with the system broadly. We were slower in the initial part of the
year because we had significant excess liquidity to start with.
Page 12 of 19But while there is a natural level at which the loan-to-deposit ratio will settle again, we
don't over-worry about it because as we've mentioned in the past a three-month
wholesale deposit makes that ratio lower, whereas a two-year refinance borrowing
makes it higher. So we would look at the overall quality of funding. But all forms of
wholesale funding are essentially the marginal source of funding. The core funding
remains the retail deposits and we are seeing pretty healthy momentum there.
Manish Shukla:
Moving on to loan growth, if you look at it the personal and credit card book today is more
than 21% and growing much faster than the overall loans. Is it fair to assume as long as
the credit costs remain low you would still be okay if the share continues to rise?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes we are quite comfortable with this portfolio and we have seen the borrower behavior
through the COVID period as well and we have no concerns as such on this portfolio. If at
all on the personal loan side, I think that concern is a little bit on the pricing where the
market has become quite competitive. But from a credit perspective, we are very
comfortable on both portfolios.
