:
Next question is from the line of Abhishek from HSBC.
Abhishek:
The first question is actually if you could share some commentary on the loan growth
outlook for FY2024. Do you think it will moderate from there or you can still look to deliver
similar kind of growth? Also, what would be the role of capex next year? Do you think
there's a real possibility of capex improving or it may not pick up from here?
Anindya Banerjee:
We will have to wait and see, because clearly on the corporate side the loan growth this
year partly has come from because of the sharp pricing of liquidity and some shift from
bond markets and so on. We have seen higher borrowings or higher appetite for
borrowings from some of the segments like NBFC which explain a reasonable portion of
the corporate loan growth. As I said, our feeling is that the retail loan volumes are quite
steady. So that part of the growth should sustain. On the corporate side, we will have to
wait and see. We will just look at our own analysis of risk reward and profitability and
how to optimize our PPOP, that will be our guiding factor without targeting a particular
level of loan growth. But on the retail SME business banking side, I don't see a challenge
in the loan volumes.
On the capex, clearly a fair amount of capex is happening, which has been undertaken
and funded by the government and the public sector. There is investment happening from
the private sector in real estate and there is some amount of investment happening from
the private sector in infrastructure and industrials as well. But so far it has not been of a
level which would move the needle on domestic loan growth. We'll have to see how it
shapes up. While it's good from a credit perspective the issue from a loan demand
perspective is that most corporates are extremely well funded and liquid and are therefore,
able to undertake some amount of investment without having recourse to banks. So what
is coming to banks is more granular in nature.
Abhishek:
And assuming that this loan growth moderates a little bit next year. And you also, started
to coincide with NIM normalizing as well. What can you do on the rest of the lines, like fee
or cost to protect PPOP growth?
Page 16 of 19Anindya Banerjee:
We will see it as it comes. We’re not seeing any sharp deceleration in loan growth. Our
loan growth has been quite sustainably in the high teens. Of course, when the system loan
growth itself, it reached mid to higher teens, it went about 20%. So it may come off a little,
but that's okay. And we would look at ways to achieve a stable level of profitability.
Current year's operating profit growth is, of course, much higher than what a normal level
would be, because of a sharp rise in interest rates. But I think there are many levers
available in the balance sheet and the P&L, which can be optimized.
Abhishek:
A very quick question on fees. I understand that you've changed a lot of rates on fees but
from the current point onwards, should it track loan growth and loan mix? Or do you still
see more fees getting rationalized and therefore, you could still continue to see some
pressure on fee to assets or fee to loans?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, I don't think that it will reach the level of loan growth in a hurry.
Abhishek:
Okay. So basically, more rationalization could come?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, it's not a question of rationalization, there are many parts to the fee income. There is
a part linked to cards and payments, there is a loan processing fee, there is FX, then there
is the liability-related fees and third-party distribution. These would be the broad
categories. Each of them has a different dynamic and a distinct influencing factors at
various points in time and we have different strategies for each line item. So it's difficult to
just link it to loan growth in that sense.
