:
Next question is from the line of Jignesh from InCred Capital.
Jignesh:
I just had two questions itself. One, as I see it in the presentation the rise in cost of deposits
sequentially has been somewhere around 10 bps, if I see it correct. How do you see that
panning forward? How that particular trend looks to be? Second, your cost to income has
seen a significant improvement of roughly around 38% right now, 38.2%. What kind of
trajectory are you seeing up on this segment also if you can highlight?
Anindya Banerjee:
On the first question I think what has happened in this cycle is that the wholesale deposit
rates moved up first pretty sharply starting from May and we have not been large takers
in the wholesale deposit market. The retail deposit rates started moving much more
gradually and much later. So the larger rise in retail deposit rates has come only actually
from September onwards. So if you look at for example, the peak retail term deposit rate
that we are offering today is about 115 basis points compared to what it was a quarter
ago. So that is why the repricing of retail deposits is happening with a lag, these are more
granular in any case so they do get repriced over a period of time but as I had mentioned
in the opening remarks, we would expect to see the cost of deposits go up at a sharper
pace going forward.
Page 11 of 19Jignesh:
And on the cost to income?
Anindya Banerjee:
On the second part, I think we don't really manage that ratio. We are looking at the overall
PPOP and PPOP growth and we continue to invest in technology, branches and people.
So as it happened this quarter the opex growth was a little lower on a year-on-year basis
than the trend that we've seen over the last couple of quarters and so cost to income has
come down to 38%. But it's going to be in that range I would say, around 40%. I don't think
we are looking at any major moves there.
Jignesh:
One quick question on contingency provision, which is INR 115 billion right now as on
December. Is there any target that this you want to introduce as a balance or it can vary
every quarter? I mean any specific number in your mind? Or how does it work?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, we don't have any specific number in our mind. It's something that we keep assessing
on a quarterly basis.
