: The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
Please go ahead.
Jinesh Gandhi: My first question is the data on exports? What was the Gujarat production?
Page | 10
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 25 January 2022Rahul Bharti: Export realization was at INR3,343 crores. Gujarat production in the quarter was approximately
142,500 cars.
Jinesh Gandhi: Second question pertains to the depreciation in this quarter. It seems like come off quite a bit. Is
there any-one off in this or this is the new level of depreciation because capacity addition has
been done at Gujarat plant?
Ajay Seth: Depreciation that you see is related to MSIL depreciation and the other line item of SMG comes
under the lease expenses separately. To the extent, the assets have already lived their life, the
depreciation of those assets would finish in that period. So, it is related. So, if you look at both
SMG's depreciation and our depreciation together, it is almost similar as it was last year, about
the same number that you see, INR1,060 crores in Q3 last year and INR1,064 crores now, not
different, and even as a percentage of sales it is at 4.8% in both these quarters.
Jinesh Gandhi: So, MSIL depreciation will be around this quarterly run rate of INR640, 650 crores in that range
as against 750 crores in second quarter?
Ajay Seth: Yeah, that's correct.
Jinesh Gandhi: And the third question is with respect to other income. So, we have seen consistent drop in other
income because of increase in GSec yields. What should be the sustainable level of other income
as GSec yields maybe at around 6.5%, 6.6%, should we go back to INR500-550 crores a quarter
or it should be lower than this?
Ajay Seth: We have done two things to derisk. One is that we have shortened our tenures. Earlier we used
to be between two to three years of papers. Now we are down to one year paper so that the risk
is minimized given the fact that interest rates are rising. So we are on a shorter tenure. And last
year, we had significant mark-to-market gains because the interest rates were going down and
we were on two to three-year papers, therefore the gains were significant. This year we have on
a contrary small mark-to-market losses. Average returns on a one year yield are now between
4.5% to 5% depending on where the markets are. So effectively, all this cash surplus that we
carry you should see an income of anywhere between 450 or thereabouts every quarter.
Jinesh Gandhi: Any roughly FOREX gains in this quarter?
Ajay Seth: Not much movement in foreign exchange. When we compare the two quarters, there is an
improvement in this quarter by about INR 50 crores on the direct imports, so that's reflected in
the material cost. Other than that, there is no significant change in foreign exchange.
