: The next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Kumar Rakesh: My first question is on the commodity inflation side. So, how much of it is still under-recovered
for us? And in a scenario that commodity prices remain flat in quarters ahead, will we be passing
this on gradually to customers?
Page | 11
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 25 January 2022Ajay Seth: We have been taking series of actions internally with respect to the unprecedented commodity
increase. We have worked very hard to reduce our cost. We have also been working hard to do
the cost reduction exercises on the material side rigorously. There have been price increases that
we have taken over the last one year to offset the increase, although it's always a painful decision
to take frequent price increases, given the cost of ownership continues to go up, and as Shashank
san mentioned that one of the reasons of drop in industry '19-20 was the cost of ownership going
up. But given the increase unprecedented commodity we have taken price increase actions. And
the last one we took was in January, where we have increased our prices. The impact of that will
be visible to you in the fourth quarter. Discounts fortunately in this quarter have been much
lower compared to last year, also because of the shortage of cars. So I think all these factors will
play out in terms of how commodity prices will be mitigated.
Kumar Rakesh: How much was the under-recovery on the commodity side?
Ajay Seth: Commodities have gone up on a last year average basis by about 10%. So we've done quite a bit
of price correction. There have been lower discounts in this quarter. And the impact of that is
seen in this quarter as the operating margins have gone up. But the balance impact you will see
in the next quarter.
Kumar Rakesh: My next question was about the market share. A lot of discussion has happened on this call and
outside as well. Mr. Srivastava also said that white spaces is one of the areas in which we can
potentially work especially in SUV space to get back the overall market share. So why don't we
disclose the model launch plan? And not specifically models, but at least quantify that the
number of new launches which we are planning to do this year or for a longer duration of time,
say five years, like many of our competitors locally and globally also do this, so can we get some
indication about the model launch plan not by disclosing any specific model per se?
Shashank Srivastava: So I have mentioned that we have always had a very strong product plan and a portfolio of
vehicles and we will continue to do that and I indicated the areas. The reason why we don't
mention it specifically is because we operate in all segments. if you have a full model change in
a particular model, you would expect the current sales also to be affected. It doesn't help actually,
and that's the reason why as a policy we do not disclose the models that we'll be launching in the
future, especially we don't make any specific reference to new models.
Kumar Rakesh: I was referring to just quantify the number of models you plan to launch without disclosing
specifically which?
Shashank Srivastava: This question which will always be there because new models mean what. There are new brands
for which you have an absolutely no background or no past history or you could have a full
model change which we call FMC or you could have a minor model changes which we call
MMC. Which to consider? Maybe if we give information, it might be misunderstood and
actually the market may be misguided rather than being guided.
Page | 12
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 25 January 2022Kumar Rakesh: One final question on the CAPEX side. So this year's CAPEX is at a higher level compared to
our recent trend partly because we are going to make land purchases this year. So is that trend
likely to continue in FY'23 as well or this land purchase related additional CAPEX was one off?
Ajay Seth: So, we are now working out our plans for the next financial year. So this is the exercise of
preparing budgets and then depending on the requirement in the plants between the Manesar and
Gurgaon, and the new model launches, we will decide and then we'll communicate to you in
terms of what the next year plans are.
