: The next question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Page | 6
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 25 January 2022Kapil Singh: My first question is on demand. If you could share the outlook for industry growth for FY'23?
And I would also like some perspective on the medium-term growth, I mean, beyond FY'11
whichever way you slice or dice the data industry hasn't really grown much, it's not even been a
5% CAGR even, whichever period we're choosing if we take 2012 to 18 or thereabout. So once
this base effects go through, let's say next year, what is the kind of medium term CAGR you're
looking at? And why has it been below potential? Also, if you can add some perspective on the
regulatory cost. We've also heard about draft regulation on 6 air bags becoming mandatory .
Shashank Srivastava: The CAGR as you said has been declining if you take the recent periods, you're right. But it's
not as if you slice and dice it at any time period. It's 5% or less. For example, if you take the last
five years is 6.2%, last 10 years 8.1%, last 17 years 9.8%. So, of course, it has come down in
recent years and I think we discussed this. In 2019-20, the market come down to about 18% it
was largely on account of the cost of acquisition, which was because of the conversion, which
happened because of many factors including the regulatory requirements of BS-IV to BS-VI and
safety requirements. So, it is that which had prevented the growth in '19-20. However, if you
look at the future, which is the second part of your question, I think we can reasonably look at
CAGR growth in line with the economy, which would be roughly 7% to 8%.
Kapil Singh: The second question was on the order book, we mentioned that it's around 240,000 plus kind of
order book. And in October also we have mentioned, it's more than 250,000. So, could you give
some perspective on whether the order inflows have been affected because of supply shortages
also, because there's no growth in order book despite the production shortages we have?
Shashank Srivastava: So, actually, the pending bookings are the figure you are quoting, 240,000 as of 1st of January
and currently, 264,000. Month-on-month, if you see the booking inflow is pretty steady. For
Maruti Suzuki, I can give the rough figures of around maybe about 6,000 bookings on an average
per day, little bit less in January so far. But the buildup of pending bookings happens because
you don't have enough vehicles to retail. That's what we are witnessing. But if you want an
answer to whether there has been a shortfall in the booking inflow, the answer is no, there has
been no sharp fall in bookings.
