: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of
Pramod Kumar from UBS. Please go ahead.
Pramod Kumar: I have two questions. First is on the market share side and second one is on hybrid. So on market
share, just wanted to understand whether we still kind of hold that 50% market share threshold
which Suzuki has put out in the medium term plan and even for 2030, so does the market share
target still holds good for us given the market share slippage what we've seen in the last couple
of years?
Shashank Srivastava: So if you look at the figure for December, the market share for wholesale was 48.3% and for
retail it was 49.9%, very close to the 50% mark. However, if you look at the cumulative figures
so far for the year, the market share is just around 44%. So, I think judging by that, it does appear
that while December market share is close to 50%, but cumulatively it might be difficult to reach
that 50% at the end of the year given the current production scenario. However, in the years
forward, I think it's still quite feasible for us to target 50% market share, and that's what we plan
to do.
Page | 4
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 25 January 2022Pramod Kumar: The reason why I ask that is there are meaningful portfolio gaps in the smaller SUVs and the
midsize SUV and other categories. Given that you are pretty confident that 50% is quite feasible
in the next year itself, probably the entire launch pipeline may not be active. So with all the
portfolio gaps getting filled, is there a possibility that we could even breach the 50% mark in the
medium term?
Shashank Srivastava: Pramod, if you look at our market share up till December for hatches, it is 67%. If you look at
the passenger cars, it is 62.5%. If you see the MPVs where we have the XL6 and the Ertiga
competing against Innova, Triber, etc., it is 64% and for the vans it is 95.6%. So obviously in all
these segments market share being above 65% or thereabouts. It's the SUV space which has
pulled us down. As we said while the entry SUV which is 50% of the SUV market, we are the
market leader, because we have the Brezza. And yes, we have a weakness in the mid SUV
segment currently. And we hope to address it going forward by expanding our portfolio in this
very critical category.
Pramod Kumar: The general understanding is that SUVs command higher margins than other categories, given
the pricing differential was equally taxed, is the industry notion generally right in India as well?
Shashank Srivastava: I don't know the cost structure for other companies, but generally that may not be true for any
particular segment. The pricing also depends on the competitive scenario, which we see in the
industry today.
Pramod Kumar: Second one is on hybrid. Is there anything which you would like to share at this point of time,
because given the plans what as a company or organization are kind of quite committed to the
technology despite lack of government fiscal support, so in that sense, just want to understand
what is the use case for the consumer you see with hybrid which is giving you that kind of
confidence to kind of still pursue that technology while practically everyone else outside of
Toyota and Suzuki is pivoting towards EVs in a big way even in the short to medium term, so if
you can just help us understand the thinking, and the rationale behind that that will be very
helpful?
Rahul Bharti: While one will be focusing on all technologies, including EV, including hybrids and others also
that we have not discussed at the moment. However, given the high upfront cost of batteries and
the limited charging infrastructure network in the country, we do think that at least for the
medium term hybrids will be a very powerful solution, they are scalable, they do about 40% of
the job of an EV in terms of CO2 reduction, in terms of energy efficiency, but they're probably
100 times scalable. So in the medium term, they will be a good option. And of course EVs also
have to be pursued for the long term. So all options have to be worked upon.
Pramod Kumar: Any timeline as to when do you view the technology in the Indian market?
Rahul Bharti: Let's keep the excitement.
