: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghunandan NL from Emkay Global. Please
go ahead.
Raghunandan: A couple of questions. Firstly, on the replacement demand, are you seeing signs of recovery?
And what factors do you expect to drive a recovery in this segment? And secondly,
congratulations on the Jimny launch, when can this model be expected to be launched in India?
And also, sorry for squeezing the third question. Do you see any indication by government on
possible hybrid vehicle incentives or CAFÉ norms postponement? Thank you so much.
Shashank Srivastava: Thank you for the question. So on the first question on the replacement buying demand, we have
seen a sharp fall in replacement buying demand from about 26% last year to around 19% this
year. So there has been a sharp fall of about 7%, even 7.2%. It hasn't really changed in last
quarter, so I guess this is because we still find post pandemic, people are upgrading their vehicles
a little less and holding on to their vehicles a little longer. That's also borne by the fact that the
average age of the vehicle which is coming into the True Value, for our vehicles, for the pre-
5 | Page
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 28th January 2021owned cars has gone up by almost 1.2 years, from 8 years to 9.2 years. So I think the replacement
line has still not bounced back. Although, I suppose, with much better sentiments on the COVID
front, I would expect it to bounce back again to around that level of 24%, 25% going forward.
On the second question of the Jimny. The Jimmy, as Mr. Seth said in his opening remarks, has
been launched for the export markets. And we are currently evaluating whether the feasibility of
it being launched in the domestic market. As you may recall, we had shown this Jimny at the
Auto Expo in February 2020, and we got some really nice response. And we are currently
studying the various aspects of the marketing as to when, if at all, we can launch that vehicle in
India.
On the third question about the CAFE norms and the postponement of the other function
emission norms, I would request Rahul Bharti to take over. Thank you.
Rahul Bharti: Sure. Thank, Shashank san. You asked about hybrid taxation, I think the realization and the
awareness is gradually growing. Because of limitations of charging infrastructure, we need some
other technology which is immediately scalable and which does not depend on charging
infrastructure and still brings down CO2 to a large extent. So we are continuing in that
information exercise. That is one. On CAFE, we are in discussion with the government and I
think the government should take into cognizance all the entire context of COVID and other
issues in the auto sector, the economic impact of regulatory stringency. So we will wait and
watch the government reaction on this.
