: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Satyam Thakur from Credit Suisse. Please go
ahead.
Satyam Thakur: Sir firstly, could you share, you mentioned that there was some impact on margins sequentially
in this quarter also because of the factory inventory sharp correction that we saw. So would you
14 | Page
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 28th January 2021help quantify how much was the impact on margins because of that? And this would largely be
expected to reverse going ahead as that factory inventory normalizes, right?
Ajay Seth: Inventories were low even in the second quarter, they were not very high in the factory. But yes,
now I think factory has negligible inventory in the third quarter. And so the impact which was
because of that fixed cost incidents was about 0.3%. So that 0.3%, depending on the inventory
levels may get reversed or may improve, so that will depend on what inventories are at the end
of the quarter four.
Satyam Thakur: Okay, thank you. And secondly, on the Jimny, so incrementally, I mean, till the time we launch
something in India in the domestic market, the volumes on exports could be quite low. So, how
should one think about profitability on this model with this kind of volumes? Will it be much
lower on profitability or will you price it appropriately to kind of keep profitability similar? And
secondly, volumes like currently if one sees, what is the kind of sales Jimny does in these
markets, Mideast, Africa and LATAM, that seems quite small. But one believes that there is a
lot more potential because apparently there is a big issue on supply of Jimny at this point of time,
because of the high demand in Japan. So any sense if you can share on what could be the potential
volumes that we are looking at in these markets?
Rahul Bharti: We have just started the export of Jimny, we need to go further into time to understand how the
business is, what kind of volumes we are able to get. And as of now, it is a small addition to our
exports. And in our overall volume, the fraction would be even smaller. So how much it impacts?
I think we still need to take some time and understand. But overall, in terms of volume
percentages it is not very high.
Satyam Thakur: And would we be limited to these three markets? Or can we also export to Europe at some point?
Rahul Bharti: As of now we have started in some markets, Europe has a lot of regulations, and almost every
export to Europe keeps stopping every about four or five years because of some new non-tariff
barriers or some new technical regulation that they bring in. So as of now, Maruti is not exporting
to Europe. So we will see as it goes along.
