: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Binay Singh from Morgan Stanley. Please go
ahead.
Binay Singh: Just two follow-on from previous question. In one of the responses, Mr. Seth stated that the key
driver for margin expansion will be operating leverage. Could you please expand a little bit on
that? Because when you look at December quarter, it seems that you are already running at very
high-capacity utilization, so the incremental operating leverage should be very low in the
business. So could you expand on, is my understanding correct?
Ajay Seth: So, I was largely referring to from a cumulative nine month perspective. But definitely, now we
are reaching that level of capacity. And based on that, I think the kick in the operating leverage
is visible now. As you see that in spite of a 3% increase in commodity prices we have been still
able to maintain margins, and frankly, better the margin. So which itself means that there is some
kick in of the operating leverage, otherwise the margins would have been much lower. So that's
already kicked in. What I am also trying to say is that when we expand capacity subsequently,
there will be periods where till the time we use the capacity fully, there could be some overhang
of fixed cost which will eventually come down while the capacity is fully utilized. As we go
along, if the demand continues to be robust and we need to expand, then typically one year you
don't utilize plant fully, in the second year you start utilizing the plant fully. So there can be
some play, of course, at that point in time. So if you compare this full year, obviously, in this
full year the capacity utilization would be not more than 70%, 75%. So I was comparing the full
year and not just the quarter. So if next year you compare the last year, definitely you will find
the operating leverage.
Binay Singh: And secondly, one of the comments that the team made is that the replacement market share has
come down quite sharply. Is that for Maruti or is that for the industry? Because we have also
seen Maruti losing market share in SUVs, that typically there should be higher replacement
segment. So, is that number that you shared for the industry or is it Maruti specific number, the
26 to 19?
Shashank Srivastava: Yes, so that number is similar for both industry as well as Maruti. And also, you are right about
the SUV. So, if you see the passenger car, then our market share has actually gone up and also
in the in the C segment, which is the van, gone up substantially and also in the MPV. But you
are right, it is in the SUV category that we have lost some amount of market share. As far as the
drive for demand is concerned; first time buyers have gone up 5% and the additional car buying
has also gone up a little bit. So additional and first-time car buying has gone up, (+5%) and
(+2%) respectively, and (-7%) for the replacement, and that trend is similar across the industry.
Binay Singh: Sir, how much is first time buyers now? Like it used to be 40% plus, so where is it today?
12 | Page
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 28th January 2021Shashank Srivastava: As per the current data which we have, it has gone up from about 43%, 44% to between 48%
and 49%.
Binay Singh: And like we obviously in the media articles see a lot of news flow on Maruti and Toyota working
on SUV, or Jimny coming to India. What is the management's comment? Because if you look at
last five years, Maruti's ASPs have largely been stagnant. And that also has been a drag on the
EBIT performance of the business. So does the company track ASPs or is there anything that
you are doing in the SUV space that we should see better market share going ahead?
Shashank Srivastava: So on product side, I will not be able to give any forward guidance. That’s our policy, we will
not be able to give you the specifics. But as regards the SUV space on the entry SUV we are the
market leaders with the Brezza. And also in the mid-SUV where we have one vehicle which is
S-Cross, which sort of has underperformed in the market and we are just trying to shore up the
volumes in that segment also. That segment is also pretty big, as large as the entry SUV market.
Binay Singh: Not model specific, but is it fair to say that SUV will be one of your key focus areas in future
model launches?
Shashank Srivastava: We keep monitoring how the segments are moving. And you are right on the SUV front, which
is just about 26%, last year it was around 32%, 33%, this year we are expecting it to go up to
almost 36%, 37% in the next four or five years. So yes, we keep watching it. As regards what
products to bring and in which segment, we obviously discuss and then take a view of what is
possible and what could be beneficial to Maruti Suzuki in terms of market share. As you would
have seen, when we introduced the Swift a long time back in the A2+ segment, as also the Baleno
and the entry level Brezza in the entry SUV segment, Ertiga in the MPV segment. So our past
record is that we keep watching for those white and blue spaces and try to see if we can improve
our volumes through introduction of relevant products.
Binay Singh: Right. And lastly, could you comment a little bit about this memorandum of understanding that
there's a change that you have come out with on BSE, what is the thought behind that?
Ajay Seth: So that Memoranda of Articles which you are referring to, it was first made in 1981, I think
about 40 years back. So it did not have that element of specific digital platform and sale through
those platforms. As you know, last few years, with the penetration of the internet and change in
the consumer behavior, we have seen a huge change in the consumer buying process behavior,
and people are preferring a digital route. And that's the reason why we have strengthened our
digital platform. In fact, after pandemic it has become even more accelerated. And we have
introduced some very class-leading programs under this digital platform, including the e-finance
space, the marketplace, also the subscription service, the sale of accessories, the sale of spare
parts on this platform. We are also going to introduce the True Value, the used car thing on the
digital platform. So all this has made us realize that we need to change our MOA to incorporate
some of these activities, which we are doing and we will be doing in the future. That's the reason
for the change which you had just mentioned.
13 | Page
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 28th January 2021