: Ladies and gentlemen, good day. And welcome to the Q3 FY 2021 Earnings Conference Call of
Maruti Suzuki India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode.
And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav. Thank you and over to you, sir.
Pranav Ambaprasad: Thank you, Margaret. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon once again. May I introduce you
to the management team from Maruti Suzuki. Today we have with us our CFO – Mr. Ajay Seth.
From marketing and sales, we have Member Executive Board – Mr. R.S. Kalsi; Executive
Director (Marketing and Sales) – Mr. Shashank Srivastava. From corporate, Executive Vice
President Corporate and Government Affairs – Mr. Rahul Bharti. General Manager (Corporate
Strategy and Investor Relations) – Mr. Nikhil Vyas. From finance, we have Executive Director
– Mr. DD Goyal; Executive Vice President – Mr. Pradeep Garg and Mr. Sanjay Mathur.
The con-call will begin with a brief statement on the performance and outlook of our business
by Mr. Seth. After which we will be happy to receive your question.
May I remind you of the Safe Harbor. We may be making some forward-looking statements that
have to be understood in conjunction with uncertainty and the risks that the company faces. I
also like to inform you that the call is being recorded and the transcript will be available at our
website.
I would now like to invite our CFO, Mr. Seth. Over to you, sir.
Ajay Seth: Thanks, Pranav. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. May I start with some highlights of our
product offerings and our company initiatives.
India's favorite car, Swift, became the best-selling car in calendar year 2020. Swift sold over
160,700 units in calendar year 2020, emerging as the top brands in the pecking order. Swift has
been the best-selling premium hatchback in the country for the past 15 years, with sales over 2.3
million units.
Super Carry, which was launched in 2016, as first commercial vehicle of the company, has
created a niche for itself within a short span, and has become the second best-selling mini truck
in the light commercial vehicle market. Sold across 235 cities through over 320 commercial
outlets, Super Carrier recorded a market share of 15% in financial year 2019-2020 and nearly
20% in financial year 2020-2021.
Recently, the company commenced the export of Jimny three-door, four-wheel drive, all-terrain
vehicles to Latin America, Middle East and African markets.
In a customer friendly initiative, to further digitize the car buying journey, and provide ease and
flexibility to the customers, the company recently launched the Smart Finance service. With the
2 | Page
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 28th January 2021launch of Smart Finance, Maruti Suzuki has become India's first OEM to offer an online end-to-
end real-time car finance service facility.
The company has been making efforts towards proliferation of environment friendly vehicles,
which are immediately scalable solution in Indian conditions. In the first nine months of the
financial year, the sales of CNG vehicles for the company has grown by 18.9% over the same
period last year, at a time when the overall industry sales declined by approximately 16%.
In an employee-friendly initiative, Maruti Suzuki completed a housing township of affordable,
modern, eco-friendly houses for its employees in Dharuheda, and handed over the first batch of
houses to its employees. This is the third housing project initiative by the company for its
employees. Ever since the first housing project in 1989, the company is actively supporting the
needs of employees to own their house. The company will continue to be sensitive to the needs
of all stakeholders, and take steps to take care of their interests towards sustainable growth.
Now let us come to the quarter three. The demand momentum which built after lockdown
continued quarter three as well, the festive period adding to the consumer sentiments. Usually
the sales during the third quarter remains good on account of festival period and year-end
phenomena. Sales this year was also on similar trend in quarter three. While the demand in the
urban pockets started to improve during the quarter, the rural markets continue to perform well.
As a result, the rural sales penetration stood at over 40% for the quarter.
Despite good performance in quarter three, the company's sales for the period April to December
financial year 2021 volumes are lower by 18% year-on-year. It is also important to keep the
long-term growth trends of the Indian passenger vehicle industry in mind, and industry sales
CAGR during the decade 2000 to 2010 was 10.3%, which slowed down to 3.6% during the
decade 2010 to 2020. In the five-year period ending March 2020, the growth was just 1.3%. The
auto industry has been witnessing a structural deceleration even before COVID. How long the
current demand momentum will continue? Is still to be watched for. Auto industry has a strong
correlation with economic growth, and unless the economy sees a broad-based recovery, we
have to remain cautiously optimistic.
During the quarter, the company ramped up production, while keeping health safety of the
employees as priority, and made full utilization of the capacity to serve market demand despite
supply chain hurdles. Though this quarter was good from sales volume perspective in terms of
margins a significant increase in the commodity cost eroded the gains of higher capacity
utilization. In this quarter, in addition to precious metals, the impact of steel was also
pronounced.
Given the uncertainty on sustainability of demand, increase in input cost could not be passed on
by way of price increases. However, the sales promotion expenses were controlled to a certain
extent. The company has stepped up its efforts for cost reduction to partially offset the impact.
3 | Page
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 28th January 2021Coming to financial results now. These results have to be viewed in the context of the previous
year financial year 2019-2020 at a sales volume growth of 16%, and therefore, lower percentages
over the low base may not convey the correct picture. For the period October to December 2020-
2021, the company sold a total of 495,897 vehicles during the quarter, higher by 13.4%,
compared to the same period previous year. Sales under domestic market stood at 467,369 units,
higher by 13%. And exports were at 28,528 units, higher by 20.6%.
During the quarter, the company registered net sales of INR 222,367 million, higher by 13.2%,
compared to the same period previous year. The operating profit for the quarter was at INR
14,848 million, a growth of 19.3% over the same period previous year, on account of higher
sales volume, cost reduction efforts, partially offset by increase in commodity prices, and
adverse foreign exchange movements. Net profit was a quarter stood at INR 19,414 million,
higher by 24.1% over the same period previous year owing to the above factors and higher non-
operating income.
Coming to highlights for nine months April to December:
The company sold a total of 965,646 vehicles during this period, lower by 18% compared to the
same period previous year. Sales in the domestic market stood at 905,015 units, lower by 17.8%.
And exports what at 60,611 units, lower by 21.9%. During the period, the company registered
net sales of INR 436,035 million, lower by 20% compared to that of the same period previous
year. Net profit for the period stood at INR30,626 million, lower by 29.7% compared to that of
the same period previous year.
We are now ready to take your questions, feedback and any other observations that you may
have. Thank you.
