: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Kapil Singh: Sir, just want to talk about evolution of technology, how Maruti Suzuki is thinking about it in
terms of hybrids and electrics. Where do you think or when do you think you would start
launching some of these new technology vehicles?
Shashank Srivastava: So, for EVs, of course, you must be aware that the entire industry is quite excited. The entire
industry, as you know, has been discussing this transition from ICE to EV, I suppose it is going
to happen at some point of time. But at this moment, the adoption of EVs is miniscule, globally
just around a couple of percentages. And actually, for the factors which have sort of hampered
this EV adoption are three, one, the current battery technology does make the cost of acquisition
of EV vehicles very high, cost of battery as you know is almost 50% of the cost of the EV
vehicles. Second, the infrastructure for charging in our country is really small and maybe
requires a lot of development before this adoption happens in a big way. And third is on the
consumer part, our research shows there is a high amount of range anxiety, that is how much
kilometers the car will go on a single charge. Besides as you know, in India, parking, unlike in
Japan or U.S. where 85% of the cars are parked on the same spot every night, in our case it is
8 | Page
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 28th January 2021just the other way, just around 12% cars are parked at the same spot every night. So, those are
the hampering. And what Maruti Suzuki has been saying is that the path to electric vehicles in
India will probably be through the hybrids and also because most analysts have been telling that
the adoption in India would be around maybe 7% to 10% in the next five, six years. Which
means that a large number of ICE vehicles will be produced. And we need to do something about
the emissions for those vehicles, and therefore, we believe that the path to that ICE finally
converting to EV will be to hybrid and also the use of alternate fuels types like CNG. And that
is what we believe is going to be the path to electrification in India. And that is also one of the
reasons why we have been saying that maybe the support of the government for hybrid vehicles
should also continue in the future. This we believe is going to happen in the next few years
regarding the electric vehicles. And as far as Maruti Suzuki is concerned, we are looking for
volumes, we are looking for a sustainable business model rather than just an exhibition of
technology. Thank you.
Kapil Singh: Thanks for the comprehensive answer. One question to Ajay sir. Sir, can you talk about
evaluation of costs from where we are right now? What are the pushes and pulls, discounting,
marketing costs, where are we right now? And are you at lower end, middle, in terms of where
do you see them over the next year?
Ajay Seth: Right. So, the cost structure depends on many factors and one of them is how fast are we
expanding our capacities. So, it will depend on our demand outlook and our capacity expansion
plan. And earlier also mentioned that we have been in the past couple of years, we have been on
the phase of putting up on more capacity, which means that as and when we start utilizing full
capacity, we will find full benefit of the fixed cost. And in the interim, you might see a little
hangover of the fixed cost, because there could be some underutilization of capacity, or when
you initially set up a capacity, you cannot fully utilize it in the first year, it takes about a couple
of years before you start utilizing your capacity. So that's one important ingredient of cost, and
if the demand continues to be the way it is and capacity utilization gets better, obviously, there
will be some play of the operating leverage that you would see. That’s one.
Marketing costs, this year we have been very conservative. We have not spent much of the
marketing cost because of COVID and also because we were optimizing costs on all fronts, so
we did that. But I think moving forward, we cannot afford to not do our marketing bit, because
that's the cost not for immediate period but for future. So I think that's something that will
definitely increase. By how much, will depend on what are the initiatives that we are going to
take in the area of marketing and sales. So I think that's something that would see an increase
from the levels where we are this year. This year, definitely we have not spent much on the
marketing area. We continue to focus on all other areas of cost in terms of productivity gains, in
terms of optimizing, in terms of digital initiatives that we have taken this year, how much can
we reduce our costs by.
So I think these are some of the measures by which we will continue to directly focus on the
areas of cost. We will spend where we think it is necessary to spend, and which is largely a long-
term plan for us. But wherever we think that we can avoid or we can have some better methods
9 | Page
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 28th January 2021of saving costs, we are working on that and we will definitely ensure to save costs. So
directionally, I would say, one, operating leverage when capacity utilization is much better.
Second, in all other areas we will try and optimize cost. In marketing also, we will judiciously
spend, but given the fact that in future we will have more models coming in and digital initiatives
are becoming more and more in our company. So I think that cost is bound to go up from where
we are today. So that's broadly the sequence of our cost structure. Thank you.
