:
We have a next question from the line of Abhishek Murarka from HSBC. Please go ahead.
Abhishek Murarka:
So the first question is going back to NIM. We see that your yield on advances still
growing at 50-60 bps q-o-q, even though, your cost of funds now is increasing at a faster
pace. So, when does this inflection happen? And on an average, do you think, in FY2024
over 2023 NIMs will move up still or do you think that on an average, it would be, let's
say, flattish?
Anindya Banerjee:
If you look at it, I think in this quarter, we had the benefit of the repo rate hike, which took
place in December, which fed through into the external benchmark linked portfolio. Our
yield on investments has also gone up as we have our increased government bond
portfolio at higher yields and we've also seen a repricing of our floating rate bond
portfolio. At the same time, the deposit costs have also started to reflect the higher rates
at which deposits are being raised incrementally. So, I think, we would believe that the
NIMs are at kind of peak or near peak levels. And from here, we should see a moderation.
Of course, it's difficult to give a very precise outlook on that. So I wouldn't want to get
into the level of NIM for next year. As I said, our focus will be on growing the business in
a sustainable way.
Page 11 of 18Abhishek Murarka:
Taking that forward, do you think then the loan growth will become more operative to
drive growth, because NIM should largely moderate from here, and then there's more
pressure to maintain, let's say, 18%, 19% loan growth, do you think that's possible?
Anindya Banerjee:
I don't think we would see it as a pressure to do anything. We believe that there is
sufficient opportunity for us to grow and that we are quite comfortable from a funding
perspective to support that level of growth. But yes, mathematically, growth in earnings
would be more driven by growth in the business than any increase in margin for sure.
Abhishek Murarka:
Your loan growth outlook for next year, can you share? I mean, do you think the system
growth is going to slow down from here and how are you going to be placed relative to
that?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think that most of the analysts are predicting or forecasting a slowdown in system
growth, which from where we have ended the year at whatever 15%, 16%, may come
down by two three percentage points. From our perspective, we continue to see pretty
strong momentum across the retail products, and that we have seen in the fourth quarter
as well. And in certain customer segments, such as SME and Business Banking, for
example, we continue to have a market share that is lower than our overall market share
and there is a higher growth opportunity for us. And for most of these segments, as we
spoke about in the call, we believe our product offerings and our digital offerings are
pretty strong, and we are growing our distribution as well. You would have seen the
employee count additions that we've done and what we've spoken about branches. So
we are, I would say, pretty optimistic on the growth outlook.
Abhishek Murarka:
So you should be able to hold on to, let's say, current growth rate, given all these efforts
that you're taking?
Anindya Banerjee:
We don't target a particular level of loan growth, but I'm not seeing anything today,
which suggests that there could be any material drop or that we would not be able to
grow our business, or that demand would be inadequate.
Abhishek Murarka:
Just on branch additions, you said it's going to go up significantly. If we look at 480
branches roughly that you have added, that's around 9%, 10% of your opening branch
Page 12 of 18count. Do you think this run rate will go up, as in you will end up adding maybe 15% of
your current branch count or do you think this run rate remains the same?
Anindya Banerjee:
So it could go up as well.
Abhishek Murarka:
And the hiring is in anticipation of that, because the employee per branch has gone up?
Anindya Banerjee:
There may not be a direct correlation. We will be hiring across a range of functions,
including, for example, credit, frontline sales, technology, product teams and so on. But
yes, obviously, given the level of hiring that we've done in the last six months, we would
expect those to become productive over the next year.
