:
We have a next question from the line of Hiren Kumar Takurlal Desai, an individual
investor. Please go ahead.
Hiren K T Desai:
I have three questions. One has been NIM related question, has been answered. On
deposits in comparison to advance growth, is there some specific detail?
Anindya Banerjee:
We have pretty comfortably funded a 20% loan growth with the level of deposit growth
while maintaining pretty healthy levels of liquidity. We started the year with significant
excess liquidity and as we ran that down, we have increased the deposit growth. So, if
you look at the second half of the year, deposit growth has been approximately, I think,
four times of what it was in the first half, and that momentum is continuing. So we don't
have any concerns on that front.
Hiren K T Desai:
So do we believe that we are somewhere close to hiking deposit rate or Bank may have
increase it further?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think that really depends on how the policy rates move and how different banks position
themselves in a competitive context. I think, currently, for the last couple of months rates
have been quite stable, and we don't see an immediate trigger.
Hiren K T Desai:
And one last question is, so we have seen a jump in provision. So, is there some sign of
asset quality issue that you see or purely just a prudent provisioning given that we have
reached very good margins and profitability?
Page 10 of 18Anindya Banerjee:
Actually, on a full year basis, our provisions have declined by more than 20%. This is
despite making contingency provisions on a prudent basis of INR 56.50 billion, as well as
the impact of the change in our provisioning norms to make them more conservative,
which was about Rs.12 billion. So excluding these two provisions for the year would
actually be negative. So we are not seeing any uptick in provisions at all.
Hiren K T Desai:
But my question was more on Q4.
Anindya Banerjee:
So, again in Q4, we made total provisions of INR 16.19 billion, of which the contingency
provision itself was INR 16 billion. So excluding that the provisions were negligible.
Hiren K T Desai:
No, no, I get that but contingency also is, I mean, just that there is nothing more to read
into?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, it is a part of our approach of being prudent and strengthening the balance sheet.
