:
We'll take a last question for today from MB Mahesh from Kotak Securities. Please go
ahead.
MB Mahesh:
Just two questions. One, when you look at the mortgage part of the book, could you just
tell us how have you kind of worked through the borrowers with respect to the increasing
interest rates?
Anindya Banerjee:
The standard structure of floating rate home loans in India is that, when the interest rate
rises, the tenure gets extended subject to certain cut offs, which could be in terms of age
or certain criteria that are defined for the various customers. And, similarly, when the
interest rates decline, tenure gets shorter, and customers also understand the cycle
pretty well. So, in the current cycle, of course, given the sharp increase in the benchmark
Page 16 of 18rates over a relatively short period, a fairly large part of the portfolio would have seen an
EMI increase, but that has happened.
MB Mahesh:
If you look at the increase in the CASA ratio, growth slowdown reflect anything about
the underlying customer profile, in the sense that are you seeing salary credits or savings
credits kind of significantly slowing down for rural in the portfolio, as a consequence of
it, you should see a slowdown in the sector quite soon?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, I don't think so. I think what has happened is that we had two years of extremely
strong growth and probably this is the year when our segment of customers have seen
a consumption recovery and so on. The second is, of course, as interest rates go up you
will see some shift from SA to FD. Those seem to be two main factors - the base effect
and rise in interest rates on the savings account side. On the current account side,
actually, when we look at the average growth, it has been a little bit better. Although,
again the circumstances in terms of tight liquidity and so on are not that conducive to
current account growth, but we have been able to offset some of that with the digital
propositions and getting more flow through the Bank.
MB Mahesh:
Have you reported the LCR ratio?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes. I think, Sandeep mentioned it. It was 124% for the quarter.
