: The next question is from the line of Raghunandan NL from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.
Raghunandan NL: Sir, my first question is, state such as Gujarat has provided incentives for hybrids as well. Would
this be attractive enough to consider launch of strong hybrids? Any timeline you have in mind?
Secondly, to Shashank sir, can you talk about how you are seeing first time additional and
replacement demand currently and replacement which has been very weak, when do you see
signs of recovery in this segment?
Rahul Bharti: Individual states are coming out with their hybrid and electric vehicle policies and many states
are providing incentives to hybrids also. The case and the viability will be more based on national
policy and of course we have it in our active consideration. It's a very strong technology for the
next at least 10-years into the future. So, in any case it makes a lot of sense to bring this to India.
Shashank Srivastava: On the second question of the first-time buyer and so on, actually as you know, last year the
first-time buyers went up in the industry from about 43% to 48%, there was a 5% up on the first-
time buyer. Replacement car buying came down about 8% from about 26% to 18.5%, there was
an 8% drop in the replacement car buying. The additional car buying went up by about 3%. That
was for last year. The first quarter of this year, we don't have the industry figure yet because the
Page | 7
MSIL conference call transcript, 28th July, 2021research is done with the time lag, but for Maruti Suzuki the first-time buyer came down a little
bit in Q1 to about 45.4% against 46.9% in the same quarter last year. Going forward, we do
believe that the replacement car buying should increase because that ~25%has been the
percentage of replacement buying pre-COVID for previous three, four years. So, I believe that
once people are confident enough to replace their old cars with new ones, replacement car buying
should again creep up in that range of about 25%, 26%.
Raghunandan NL: Can you talk about the CAPEX plans? Media reports and Chairman's comment indicate about
Haryana capacity of 1 million with a CAPEX of INR 170 billion.
Rahul Bharti: So, this is a long-term kind of projection. Whenever you choose a new location or a site, you
take adequate future flexibility into account and the entire capacity that location or that piece of
land can hold. So, this is a long-term projection for that, it's an estimate.
