: The next question is from the line of Chirag Shah from Edelweiss. Please go ahead.
Chirag Shah: One clarification question on accounting of SMG. So, classifying raw materials and all other
staff, depreciation, everything is classified in other expenses?
Ajay Seth: All expenses except for depreciation and royalty are a part of material cost. Depreciation is
accounted under other expenses and it is shown as lease expenses and royalty payments is
accounted under royalty.
Chirag Shah: Second question is on the chip shortage. You very well-articulated the way you are managing it.
Is it possible to indicate primarily which are one or two or three key chips or usages which is
really an area of problem and where you are in a sense compromising to serve given the
situation?
Rahul Bharti: I would prefer not to name our specific partners and how much quantities or where the supply
constraints are but we're working with all of them. So, we'll play it by the year, and we hope the
problem subsides soon.
Chirag Shah: Can you indicate usage wise, are there more on the communication side, what usage is really
causing the problem?
Shashank Srivastava: See, the basic problem is because of the pandemic there have been many alternate uses of
semiconductors. The world has digitalised more in the past 12 months plus people are not sure
whether to expand capacities or not, is it a permanent demand change or is it a temporary demand
increase. So, increasing capacities is also doubtful, that's a fundamental problem.
Chirag Shah: What kind of CAPEX should we look at for FY’22, can you guide on that number?
Page | 9
MSIL conference call transcript, 28th July, 2021Ajay Seth: CAPEX plan would be about INR 4,500 crores this year, some movement can happen because
of COVID, etc.,
Chirag Shah: The HEV that we were jointly working with Toyota, any comment, when can we expect that?
Rahul Bharti: We can't give you any such guidance, but what we can tell you is it is our active consideration.
It's a strong technology for the next 10-15 years and it has a lot of merit, it can scale up without
the dependence on external charging infrastructure, offers a good reduction in emissions. So, it
has a lot of merits and we'll let you know when the right time comes.
