: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question
is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Kapil Singh: Firstly, I wanted to check on the demand environment, how are things shaping up post the second
wave, and within this current environment, if you can also comment on how you think the pricing
will evolve and how the commodity costs will evolve from where they are? That is first question.
The second question is on technology, if you can give your thoughts on the electric, hybrids, as
far as Indian context or regulatory framework is concerned over the next five years, why do you
think, for example, hybrids would be a more relevant technology for India?
Shashank Srivastava: I'll answer the first part which is related to the revival of demand post the lockdown. So, the
demand in July seems to have picked up once we had the unlock in most of the states. Now,
except for two states of Northeast, Manipur and Mizoram, all other states are open. As a result,
we have seen a pick-up in the case of enquiries as well as bookings, as also the daily retail. So,
if you compare it with the peak of last year which was Q4 average, enquiries are roughly similar,
although the bookings are about 80%, 85% of the Q4 of last year. If you compare sequentially
with June, then enquiries and bookings are about 20% above last month and the average retails
are similar to the June levels. That is the extent of recovery, and we believe this time the recovery
is led by both urban as well as rural unlike last year which was mainly led by rural.
Page | 4
MSIL conference call transcript, 28th July, 2021Ajay Seth: Kapil on commodities, I think we continue to see an increase in commodity prices and typically
for part of the commodities we have a quarter lag. So, we will see increase in commodities in
this quarter as well as the next quarter beyond which we will have to watch in terms of how the
overall commodities move and we are hopeful that towards the second half of the year, the
commodities may stabilize from these levels that they're peaking at, and all may come down a
bit. So, that is on commodities. Commodities increase has been pretty steep, quite
unprecedented, I mean, we haven't seen such sort of increase before for many decades and that's
a major impact on our margins. On price increase, I think we have been gradually taking price
increases; we've done a price increase as recently in July and prior to that we have taken in April
price increase. So, to the extent that we can increase the price in the market we are doing it, but
there is also a limitation of how much price increase we can take which does not disrupt demand
at the same time. So, we will take a collaborative call between cost and price and accordingly
deal with it as we move forward.
Rahul Bharti: Kapil, to answer your third question on technology, for the purpose of crude oil import reduction
for reducing our carbon footprint for the environment, we will be working on all technologies
that help us towards this objective which means one, at the grass root level IC engine
improvements, two, electrification and hybrids and they are part of the same family, hybrid
electric and battery electric and three, natural gas and biofuels also recently. We will be working
on all. Now some segments have a higher propensity or faster absorption of some of these
technologies, so different segments will respond to different technologies differently and we will
be pursuing all of them in a manner that it gives us highest returns. You might have heard the
recent news that there is a joint testing program of some electric vehicles, these prototypes will
be tested starting next month along with Toyota that we are planning to get more consumer
feedback on usage pattern, etc. Till the time charging infrastructure grows in India and you will
need self-charging machines, so towards that we will be using hybrid electric vehicles. We are
also very hot on the way natural gas is progressing in the country. The Prime Minister has a
mission to increase usage of natural gas from 6.3% to 15% in the overall energy basket, and
CNG and PNG are two major pillars of that. So, we will be wholly participating in that program.
Many new cities have come up and the penetration of CNG cars you would have seen have gone
up dramatically. And Mr. Shashank Srivastava will just show some very interesting statistics
about CNG soon. And we are also responding to a government program on ethanol. The
government has mandated E20 by 2025 and they are talking about biofuels. The good part about
biofuels is that they are carbon-neutral or even carbon-negative. So, we'll be seriously evaluating
them. So, we'll be firing on all cylinders to reduce carbon and to reduce oil import in the country.
