: The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
Please go ahead.
Jinesh Gandhi: My first question pertains to commodity. So, can you indicate what kind of commodity cost
inflation which we saw in 1Q vis-à-vis fourth quarter? And secondly, what is our expectation
for second quarter?
Ajay Seth: Commodity inflation in the first quarter has been ~3.5% and it is difficult to predict second
quarter because the rates are still being negotiated. Firstly, Precious metals we would know
because that comes with a quarter lag and increase in precious metals prices is also pretty steep.
That's more or less on precious metals. For steel, the demand by the steel units is still higher
compared to first quarter which is being negotiated. I think the commodity impact would
continue to be rising till the second quarter, after which we think there will be correction and we
might see that coming down. So, the second quarter, at the moment, we don't have full negotiated
rates available, so we'll not be able to give accurate guidance on that.
Page | 6
MSIL conference call transcript, 28th July, 2021Jinesh Gandhi: Any sense on under-recovery on commodity prices considering the steep increase in what we
have seen so far, and the price increases you have taken what percentage will be still left to be
covered?
Ajay Seth: So, I think that's gradually happening and as Shashank-san mentioned that it is very difficult to
absorb the entire increase and it's quite an unprecedented increase in material cost presently. We
have been doing it in bits and pieces. We have done an increase in January last year and we did
a price increase in April, and we've now again done a price increase in July. We'll keep doing it
in small doses, but definitely, we will have to take a very collaborative call-in terms of what
works well in the market. You can't just say that whatever is a material cost increase, we pass
on the entire in one piece. So, we will have to take a call based on how the demand is, how the
market is, and what can be absorbed at what point in time.
Jinesh Gandhi: Was there any cost impact in this quarter because of SMG third line on overall cost?
Ajay Seth: Third line will have an impact. We don't have a specific number here, but it has an impact on
fixed cost, more depreciation and the other fixed costs because the third line is now operational.
Part of the third line has become operational. Some capitalization will also happen during the
second half of the year. So, there will be impact on increase in depreciation which is shown as
lease cost in our accounts under other expenses. The balance would be coming in the material
cost. We don't have the breakup separately on the third line.
Jinesh Gandhi: Can you share data on exports revenues and discounts?
Ajay Seth: Exports revenues in Q1 was at INR.2,286 crores. The discounts were about INR 14,000 in this
quarter.
