: The next question is from the line of Arvind Sharma from Citi. Please go ahead.
Arvind Sharma: Could you please elaborate the exact mechanism of commodity cost transfer what is the
periodicity of contract signed and after the contract is signed, what happens when commodity
prices increase essentially what's the delay between spot price increase in the impact on Maruti?
Ajay Seth: So, commodity price is impacted on account of, there are two portions to it; one is steel, and the
balance is PGM and other metals, copper, aluminium and so on. The impact of steel is seen in
that particular quarter. The other commodity impact is with a quarter lag. So, the suppliers would
be compensated based on the average rates that are there for the preceding quarter, for example,
we will now be negotiating rates with steel vendors for Q2, and we would be also compensating
suppliers for the other metals including the PGMs for the known rates of Q1. That's how it works
in terms of the vendor compensation for both steel and the other metals.
Arvind Sharma: So, what happens if you sign for a quarterly rate, I'm talking about rate goes up within the quarter
after this contract has been signed but before you actually procure, so what happens if there's a
big fluctuation during that time especially in recent past, we've seen big fluctuations?
Ajay Seth: As I mentioned to you that the steel rate is settled, so that's the settled rate and for the other
metals especially the rate movement is pretty sharp in precious metals, so there we take the
average of the previous quarter rates and that average is used for the purposes of compensating
because it's not just a closing rate of a particular day, these are average for the previous quarter,
on the basis of that we compute what is the compensation for that period.
Page | 12
MSIL conference call transcript, 28th July, 2021Arvind Sharma: My second question would be more an explanatory part. You said operating leverage impact has
been 4% QoQ and commodity has been 3.5% quarter-on-quarter. So, is it the percentage point
impact on i.e., EBITDA margin could have been almost 7.5% impacted?
Ajay Seth: No, so, this is what I said are the ones which would have been better if there was no commodity
increase and if the volumes were at the same level as we saw in the preceding quarter. But there
are other measures that we would have taken, for example, we have significantly reduced our
fixed costs in this quarter and that's in the context of the extremely difficult situation we had to
cut costs everywhere. Obviously, when volumes will go up, some of the marketing costs will
also accordingly go up. Therefore, I mentioned that while I talked about if all other costs remain
same, operating leverage of 4%; however, there's also an element of fixed cost, that will go up
when your volumes go after especially the marketing cost, we have been very low for example
on advertisement cost in this quarter, it's likely to go up. So, there will be a benefit of operating
leverage, whether it is 2% or 3%, it will depend on what is our strategy in terms of our marketing
spend and the other fixed cost, but definitely there is a scope of improvement on operating
leverage, anywhere between 2% and 4%. And secondly, commodity will depend on how much
is our ability to pass on. As we mentioned, we will have to take a collaborative call-in terms of
how much can be passed on. We've done some correction in selling price in April and July. So,
in piece increase in April had some impact but much smaller. Similarly, now, when you see the
impact of July price increase and if there is any subsequent increase that happens, you will see
that impact also to mitigate the commodity price. Other important thing is to know is that this
will also stop at some point in time when all the price increases that we would have done will
accumulate that will give you an exact impact for a particular quarter. It's a moving average, it's
not a constant. It will depend on all these factors in terms of commodity, where price increase
ends up, and where your fixed costs ends up going forward.
Arvind Sharma: I was just clarifying because 7.5% seems a big number, if you take that as an underlying number
over 8.3% in fourth quarter, EBITDA margin it becomes quite high, but Yes, got your point sir.
Thank you so much.
