:
Next question is from the line of Param Subramanian from Nomura.
Param Subramanian:
My question is on operating expenses. So, if you look over the last couple of years,
the operating expenses have actually been growing faster than the overall balance
sheet growth, and it continues to be so. So, any timeline or any guidance on when
this starts moderating or we see some sort of operating leverage kicking in? Of
course, we still have the employee headcount and the branch rollout still in the
pipeline. But, yes, any color around when we see an operating leverage playing out?
That's my first question.
Anindya Banerjee:
So, we don't really look at it that way. I mean, in that sense if you look at this quarter
also, the operating income growth is a little bit higher than the operating expense
growth. So, what we look at is really the overall PPOP and that having a positive
direction on a risk-calibrated basis. And we would look at all levels of profitability
within that. Currently, as we have said in the past, we feel that there is a lot of
opportunity for us to grow our franchise and we would continue to invest in that.
Param Subramanian:
Okay. Fair enough. Just one more question again on the unsecured loans. Now, if you
look across the market participants, there hasn't really been an increase in the
lending rates across the market. Now, in your sense, is this being led largely by
21competition? Or do you see any pressure in being able to increase your lending rates
over the year? And is this something that should play out, say, over the course of the
year? Because if we compare with other segments, the other segments have not
really seen any repricing over the last year. Yes, that's it for me.
Anindya Banerjee:
Sorry, which particular segment are you referring to? I missed that.
Param Subramanian:
Unsecured personal loans largely, yes.
Anindya Banerjee:
I think it has been quite competitive, and rates have not moved up. So, I don't see
immediate sort of move up in rates. There have been a lot of players entering that
segment, a lot of banks, as well as some of the NBFCs. And, I guess, credit experience
in that segment has also been pretty good over the years. So, in that sense, some
reduction in the rates from what we have seen historically would be justified. But
yes, today, the rates are at probably pretty low level, but I don't see them increasing
much from here, although probably ideally they should.
Param Subramanian:
Congratulations on the quarter.
