: Thank you. We have next question from the line of Sonal Gupta from L&T Mutual Fund. Please
go ahead.
Sonal Gupta: Sir could I get the retail volumes for the second quarter?
Shashank Srivastava: For Maruti Suzuki, remember these are estimates because while the figure for Maruti Suzuki is
known but for the industry it might be an estimate. So, for Maruti Suzuki Q2 retails were about
385,000 units.
Sonal Gupta: Okay. And in the export point, since you’re selling a lot through the Toyota network as well, I
just want to understand how does the pricing work there in the sense that one is selling to them
from India so we don’t really have any Forex risk. And the second thing is given the huge
commodity cost increase, are we able to pass that on or even there you would be seeing that
margin pressure and the prices will revise with a lag?
15 | P a ge
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 October 2021Ajay Seth: So, in case of exports, we do take into account any commodity price increase that’s taking place
and we do make corrections so that periodically to ensure the margins are protected. And also,
the exchange rates will have something to play on price depending on what rate we had
contracted and what rate we actually ended up supplying them at. So, a combination of the two,
but we make sure that we protect the cost increases and the margins in the case of exports.
Sonal Gupta: Right. And on a longer term maybe, I don’t think we can sort of tackle this commodity price
increase on a one or two quarter basis. But, unless you really expect that commodities will come
all the way back down, we will significantly hit because of these pressures. So, like how do you
see that do you see yourself gradually taking price increases every quarter 1% to 2% and passing
all these on to the consumer or like what is the way forward here?
Ajay Seth: If you take the past history, commodity cycles have been going up and coming down. So, they
have corrected over a few years and this is not the first time that we are seeing such a peak, there
will be corrections, but we will have to keep watching it closely. And wherever we think we get
counter this through our own efforts we will try to do that. So, that’s the first initiative to work
on our own cost reduction programs. But if the price continues to rise, and if there is a need for
correction, we will take appropriate decision at that point in time. We’ve done that in the past as
you would have seen even the price increases we have taken price increases in the last six
months2-3 times. But obviously we can’t do a very big increase because it really upsets the
market in terms of demand.
