: Thank you. We have next question from the line of Aditya Makharia from HDFC Securities.
Please go ahead.
Aditya Makharia: This is Aditya from HDFC Securities. So, just wanted to know on flex fuel, the government is
pushing that very aggressively. So, how does that work, does it need a separate engine, or you
can just sort of customize your existing products. And secondly, on the Jimny, there are some
reports that it will be launched in next year second half, so then that sort of 12 months away even
from here on. So, could you give some more qualitative comments on the same. Thanks.
Rahul Bharti: Aditya, I’ll try to answer the flex fuel question. So, the Ministry of road transport is quite
enthusiastic about flex fuel for three reasons, one it reduces oil imports, second, it reduces carbon
emission and third, it will help to get farmers better realization for their crops. So, we are also
looking at this option quite seriously. As of now, we do not know the technology we are studying
it, but we are open about it, how it works is that any fuel you fill into the car, whether it is 100%
gasoline or 100% ethanol or anywhere in between the car runs on the fuel by adjusting itself to
the characteristics of the fuel. So, we are trying to understand, it is a mainstream option in Brazil.
And the only issue is we do not know how much the market will be, it might be limited in some
states or some areas. So, we have to study that option along with the carbon footprint of such
vehicles. And accordingly, we will take a call. Your other question was about the Jimny, I will
request Mr. Shashank to answer.
Aditya Makharia: Just one clarification, it is still 1-2 years, away right? it’s not in the immediate term?
13 | P a ge
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 October 2021Rahul Bharti: No, more than that, in the auto sector any product development lead time is four years. We know
that very well. So, we cannot have something so soon.
Shashank Srivastava: So, as you know the SUV segment has been growing dramatically. And one of the segments is
the lifestyle type of SUV. This is a segment which we have been studying very closely. If you
recall in the auto expo, we had displayed Jimny to get consumer feedback. So, we are during
that study very closely, looking at the market, and also taking some feedback from potential
consumers. And as in when we finalize that plan, we will definitely let you all know.
