: Thank you sir. We have next question from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go
ahead.
Kapil Singh: Basically, I was looking at the realization per vehicle, which has seen a pretty sharp increase.
So, was just trying to understand whether the spare part mix as a percentage of revenue has gone
up in 2Q which may also be a factor and whether there was any RoDTEP benefits that came in
for the second quarter?
Ajay Seth: So, are you comparing the quarter two of last year with this quarter, or are you comparing
sequentially?
Kapil Singh: Sequentially from 1Q to 2Q.
5 | P a ge
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 October 2021Ajay Seth: Sequentially from 1Q to 2Q increase is not much, it’s a small increase. But it gets camouflaged
with the spare parts sales, because last quarter we had a significant impact on the spare parts
sales which was pretty down. So, if you add that then the impact is much bigger in terms of
realization. But, I have these numbers there, so Q1 domestic sales average realization was INR
427,000 and now in Q2 this year, we have an average realization of INR 431,000. So, it moved
up by about INR 4,000 which is also in line with net off discount, etc, which is in line with
whatever pricing increases would have happened or any change in the mix that would have
happened.
Kapil Singh: Got it. And sir was there any RoDTEP benefit also for the quarter?
Rahul Bharti: Yes, there was.
Kapil Singh: Will it be possible to quantify?
Ajay Seth: It’s not a very significant amount, there is a RoDTEP benefit that we have got and in terms of
quantum it will be not very significant.
Kapil Singh: Okay, sir. Also, second question was relating to just on the technology front if we can throw
some light on how do we think of salience of hybrids in India during the current regulatory
environment and will they be a relevant technology over next 2-3 years or do we need more
support from the government side for hybrids to be relevant, some thoughts on that would be
helpful.
Rahul Bharti: So, short answer is yes, to both. There is some recognition from the government already. There
is some preferential rate in the GST and some FAME benefit to strong hybrids and plug in
hybrids, but we need more. And to your other question, will it be a meaningful mainstream kind
of option for the country, yes, we believe so, in the next 5-10 years, at least it will be a very
potent option for reducing CO2. A hybrid does 40% of the job of an electric and it is scalable as
it does not need charging infrastructure. We need more benefits from the government.
Kapil Singh: My question was more from a cost perspective whether it will be viable for the customer to go
for hybrids at current incentive level?
Rahul Bharti: See, there is a cost to all options which reduce CO2 drastically. So, even EVs have a cost, it’s
only a question of relative cost. So, most manufacturers will adopt paths which suit their context,
their business segments and their customer segments. So, each manufacturer will have its own
strategy and there will be some cost hurdle for any of the options that you consider.
Kapil Singh: Got it and lastly that you expect that cost pressures are fully through or should we expect more
cost pressures in the coming quarter?
Ajay Seth: So, there are two parts to it, Kapil, one is of course, it depends on how the volumes now pan out
because we’ve been affected on operating leverage because of volumes, so if volume improves
and then definitely we will have benefit. We have seen some softening of precious metals in Q2,
6 | P a ge
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 October 2021but since we get into the lag effect, so we are hopeful that in quarter3, we will see some softening
at least for the precious metals if they don’t again start moving up. So, whatever action we can
take in terms of hedging we will be taking. Unfortunately, aluminum and steel doesn’t look good
at this point in time. We were hoping that that will also soften but it looks like given the China
issue, it looks like that the prices will either be here or may rise again for steel and aluminum.
We will have to keep a watch on these developments, we continue to make our own efforts in
terms of what we can do with other mitigation plans and cost reduction plans, those efforts are
on. But two important things for us would be, watch the commodity prices moving forward and
the volumes. The other thing that I would like to also mention is that we did a price increase in
first week of September. So, that will be fully absorbed into third quarter as that impact wouldn’t
have been completely visible in the second quarter. So, that will also help.
