: Thank you. We have next question from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal Financial
Services. Please go ahead.
Jinesh Gandhi: My first question pertains to the semiconductor shortage. Today’s media article suggests that
semiconductor shortage is now getting addressed at Maruti level so can you confirm that or are
we still seeing continued challenges like we saw in September and October?
Shashank Srivastava: So, as we had informed to the stock exchange for September, we said production will be down
60% from plan. For October we announced at the beginning that the production would be around
40% down from the plan. So, it’s getting better and as we discussed earlier in the day, probably
November would be better than October. However, the dynamics are still unclear because it’s a
global issue. And there’s a whole lot of supply chain involved in this globally. So, forward
projection of when it will become normal is a little difficult to state at this moment.
12 | P a ge
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 October 2021Jinesh Gandhi: Right and Shashank san regarding the CNG being very strong, with expected increase in CNG
prices due to regulatory changes. Do you expect softening in demand on CNG because of price
increases, or given that gap will still be much better, CNG should do better?
Shashank Srivastava: So, the gap still exists there is a huge gap, we have petrol, diesel roughly around INR 105-
110/litre range in most of the states. CNG, still in still in that broad range of about INR 48-57
/kg. So, there’s still a big gap, the efficiencies for CNG is also much better. So, the cost of
running around INR1.70 per kilometer is substantially lower than the INR.5 per kilometer that
you get for diesel and petrol. So, that gap is likely to continue and that means that there would
be a positive trend towards CNG even going forward.
Jinesh Gandhi: Okay. And last question to Seth Sir with respect to the commodity cost inflation. So, in this
quarter vis-à-vis first quarter impact would be very small about 150 basis points or it’s higher
than that?
Ajay Seth: It will be higher than that, because there has been an impact compared to the first quarter. It will
not be as steep as it was the first quarter, but it will be in the vicinity of 250 basis points.
Jinesh Gandhi: Got it. And price increase in September was about 1%?
Ajay Seth: Price increase that we did on average was about 1.9% of ex-showroom prices.
