: Thank you. We have next question from the line of Pramod Amthe from InCred Capital. Please
go ahead.
Pramod Amthe: Sir, couple of questions. One is, you have seen a very strong export traction, is there any
geography mix change compared to traditionally used to export because new products are added
up?
Rahul Bharti: So, we’ve got some very good response in exports, we have more than doubled our volumes.
The biggest gainer was Africa, so half of the volume is from Africa and 1/3rd of the volume is
coming from South Africa alone, in Q2. And this is partially because of the Jimny and partially
because of increased distribution network there. Thanks to our global partner, Toyota’s network.
And the best part is we think it is sustainable. The other markets have also done well, there’s a
global recovery also from COVID. So, that macro tailwind, also helped us and geographies like
Latin America, were also good, Chile, Bolivia, Colombia, and North African countries like
Egypt they have performed well.
Pramod Amthe: Thanks Rahul. And do you see more products joining in a similar queue, with this success, which
you are seeing with Jimny in the next three-year, five-year plan?
Rahul Bharti: Let’s keep the excitement.
Pramod Amthe: And the second question is with regard to demand, considering the fact that we have seen
unprecedented price hikes for cars. So, how are you looking at customer behavior, are you seeing
any bookings being cancelled or customers downgrading the same or what are the solutions
you’re planning to offer so that he will continue to remain in your basket?
Shashank Srivastava So, if you look at the increase in prices, you’re right there has been an increase overall in the
industry and for Maruti Suzuki as well. As you know, we have had three price hikes this year,
the demand seems to be stable. In fact, if you look at the average enquiry or the booking levels
9 | P a ge
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 October 2021have actually gone up. And that got something to do with the change in consumer preference for
personal mobility, against shared mobility or public transport. What are we going to do about it
and have we seen any changes segment wise, we do see segment wise changes but it may not
entirely be related to cost of acquisition. The entry hatches have gone down a little bit, they are
now about 10% of the market as against 11% two years back, SUVs have gone up especially the
Entry SUV and the Mid SUV. So, there seems to be a preference not just based on the economics
or the cost of acquisition, but also on the design preference and that’s what we see, going forward
also we predict a similar sort of movement in the SUV sector. And yes, we are watching that
space very carefully that’s one of the spots which we shall look at very carefully going forward.
