
Mr. Satish, if you're there, kindly go ahead and ask your question.
I think Mr. Satish has some issue from his end.
With that, we'll come to the end of this question system from all the shareholders. Now I will hand over
back to Mr. Chairman.
Nandan Nilekani
Thank you for all the questions.
While we provide the answers to the questions shortly, I would request the team to display questions
received on the webchat and play videos which showcase the work done by Infosys during the past
year.
- 33 -[Video plays]
We will begin the answers to the questions. In this round, we are answering the questions that were
raised in the web chat.After one round of web chat questions, we will come back with a round of
questions from the video and audio questions that were just asked.
We'll start with my questions. I have three questions.
First question is - Infosys donated to Open AI a few years back when they were a non-profit. Now
they're incorporated for for-profit subsidiary. Is Infosys having a stake in that? If yes, how much does
Infosys have? How is Open AI supporting Infosys as one of the early investors or donors? This
question is from Ganesh Gopi.
The answer is yes, Infosys was among the earliest supporters of the non-profit Open AI. And, we had
made a donation several years back. We have no stake in the for-profit of the company. But we are
delighted by the success that Open AI has achieved, and we wish them very good future with all the
outstanding AI work that they're doing.
Second question – what are the disruptions you foresee for industry in the near future, from
Sreenivasa Rao Kilaru.
It really is a very exciting time. There are a lot of changes happening in the world of technology. For the
last decade, we had first whole migration for digital way of doing things using smartphones and so on.
And then following that, we had the big wave of Cloud and Cloud migration, where Infosys plays with
products like Cobalt. Recently, of course, there's the whole interest in AI and generative AI. Infosys is
well-placed there with Topaz. So, all these changes are happening all at the same time. And we expect
that in the next few years, all our global customers will have to fundamentally do a lot of changes to
their technology and architecture. To leverage this, you will have to do things more efficient and
become more cost-effective. At the same time, they will have to leverage all this, create transformation
to create better business and better consumer experience. We're also at the beginning of many other
mega trends. First is the whole green transition which includes decarbonization, which means that
whole energy system for the world will migrate for the next several decades, from a hydrocarbon-based
future to a renewable future means that the way we produce energy will go from having monolithic
producers to millions of small producers, which has a huge impact on the grid means that instead of
petrol pumps we will have gas stations, we will have charging stations. So, there's a huge
decarbonization or climate change which is going to affect all our businesses. And of course, thanks to
the geopolitics, people are now looking at how to make their supply chains more resilient, and allowing
people to have multiple options, where they can produce and how it is shaped. Then of course, thanks,
when also because of the whole security issues, you have issues of how to deal with cybersecurity, we
have issues of how countries are going to become more able to defend themselves and so on. And of
course, there's the whole telecom thing happening through the rollout of the 5g network. So, there are
many, many disruptions or changes happening in the future. Now, I want to assure all of you that we at
Infosys are fully seized of this, we are keeping a close eye on this. And we will make sure that we
- 34 -understand these trends and changes and what they mean for our clients. We make sure that we can
bring them best ideas and support that they can navigate the future successfully.
Third question is from the Nani, who is a member of this Millennium Mans, Calcutta chapter, seems to
be very strong group. She says, Sir, the world is divided as operations of AI is concerned. So which
side do you belong?
[No audio]
And deep fakes, it will affect our elections and our politics. So, there are many short-term issues with
AI. And of course, there are some people who believe that long-term AI could almost have an extinction
risk for our humanity. Yet, Infosys believes that AI has many possible powerful use cases. And
therefore, we will use AI using our Topaz infrastructure and our AI-first thinking to bring about
transformation of our clients. And we will do that using responsible AI. We’ll make sure that the AI
follows regulatory rules, privacy rules, and the accuracy rules that we need. So, we believe that AI can
be a force for good with the appropriate guardrails. So, my question and answers, I now hand over to
Salil to take his questions.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Nandan. Now, to the questions that we have received from the web chat, I have a few that I
will go through.
The first from Mr. Vipul Kumar Shah. Will generative AI result in loss of jobs for coders or will it
increase productivity, and what will be the impact on the profit of the company?
Generative AI has a huge potential for impact with our clients. We see a lot of different projects that are
already coming into the work that we're doing. We are working with both generative AI platforms, large
language models, which are open source, and we are working with generative AI with different
companies have put forward. We see productivity improvements, depending on different areas that
could range from 10% to 30%. We also see a huge level of new type of work, for example, generative
AI leveraging within companies, large areas of information, which are then sourced through for better
usage. That data being used more precisely, for their purposes. We see that in vision, we see that in
software development in various areas. So, our view is most times when new technologies are coming,
that they have an impact which changes how our clients look at new technologies, and that expands
the type of work that those new technologies are providing within clients. And there's also the need to
of course, look at technologies over the past generations and making sure that they are integrated in.
So overall, we see an exciting future that is unleashed by generative AI.
Next question, Mr. Krishnendu Chakraborty. What will be Infosys view on future complete remote
office or Metaverse, or similar platform?
- 35 -Here, we have really built a flexible approach to how our employees are working. Over the last several
months and quarters, we've seen a steady increase in employees that are starting to come back into
the office. We also see that there are office locations in newer areas that we've set up, for example in
Vizag, for example in the Navi Mumbai, where we are seeing more and more employees starting to
come into these offices. We believe over time, there will be more need for social connect and social
capital. There are several clients who are requesting that the teams be working on campus for their
projects and that is happening. And this is going on all around the world and within India for our
employees.
The next question from Mr. Munirathnamma Raghavendra. Where do we see Infosys in the next five
years across different sectors, and the impact of AI into those sectors?
Earlier what I shared on generative AI and Topaz; Topaz really has become the platform, the
foundation on which all of our AI and generative AI work is being done. We have tremendous level of
large templates, use cases and real client examples beyond generative AI on AI, as well. Each of these
are impacting different industries in different ways. We see, for example, Financial Services industries
are leveraging AI in a fast way to rework what their internal approach to data and information is looking
like. We see a different approach coming in Telecom, we see a different approach coming in Utilities.
And overall, we see the industries are all getting impacted in a way that will leverage more and more of
AI, which is supporting data analytics, machine learning and overall generative AI into the future.
Our next question from Mr. Sajit Chellappan – What is the long-term strategy for work from home
policy for India-based employees?
Again, building on the previous point, our focus so far has been to make sure that we have a flexible
approach for our employees. And we've seen a tremendous positive reception from the employees all
around India on this. We are making sure that the employees have the ability to work from home or
work hybrid. In some cases, where clients are requiring it, we have employees and teams that are
working within the campus. On a long-term basis, we see a mix of where people will work, where there
will be a need for increased social capital to connect with people, to work with teams, to do new work
jointly, and for mentoring and coaching of individuals. And we see the flexibility that will enable more
and more employees to be part of the work system. So, we are seeing that as really the way the future
is evolving. And we are also keeping a close track of how our employees are relating to it, and how our
clients are relating to it to build this strategy as we go ahead.
Next question from Mr. Vasudeva Rao. The question is, why are we not going for big acquisitions.
COVID provided a good opportunity to acquire. Any plans in the future to go for big acquisitions?
So here, our view is we have a very good balance sheet and a good position overall, with respect to
how we can look at acquisitions. Our approach has been to look at things which will fit in strategically
within a digital or Cloud or AI framework. And then look at what will be the way to integrate it, then we
look at the culture of the company. And then we look at what is the method of running it day to day
once the company has been acquired. Based on those, of course the price value, we make the
- 36 -decision. We’re here today, looking across different sizes of acquisitions. As a potential company falls
into the right buckets for those, we will continue to do acquisitions. We've also been mindful, as we've
seen over the last two years, where some of the acquisitions that were initially of high value, the value
has come down. So, we are now looking more carefully at the future of acquisitions.
Our next question from [unclear audio] – what are the growth opportunities in Middle East and South
America? And what are the current revenue percentages in in these markets?
We have a presence in Middle East and South America. Those are low revenue percentages. We've
taken a focus in the past few years, where it's been much more on North America, European, and other
parts of Asia Pacific, specifically Australia and New Zealand to develop those markets. We've also built
strategic joint ventures in Japan and in Singapore to expand our markets. We are now looking at the
future where there's a huge set of opportunities in the Middle East. And we want to scale that market up
as well. And we will see more and more focus into the Middle East as we go ahead.
Our next question is from [unclear audio] – when will our investments in Metaverse start yielding
revenue? How large do we expect revenue stream in percentage terms?
As you may be aware, we have created what we call the Metaverse Foundry, which is widely accepted
within our client base. Today, we are seeing more and more use cases and interest in that. However, it
is at an early stage today of development. And we see over time, more and more interest in this.
Next question is from Mr. Ramesh Babu Satrasala – The question is because of the slowdown in the
economy for software and export, how is the impact on profit and fresh hires in the coming quarters?
So here, the overall demand environment, as was discussed earlier, is changed. With the global
economy slowing down and the GDP rate slowing down, we see now more attention of clients moving
from digital and cloud transformation to cost efficiency and automation. And we are fortunate that even
in the consolidation area, we have a lot of opportunities that are coming in. We just announced you may
have seen a few weeks ago a memorandum of understanding with BP, the original British Petroleum,
where there's a huge benefit to Infosys from consolidation and a tremendous opportunity in the future.
We have also announced jointly with our client just a couple of days ago, a very large transformation
and efficiency program in the Denmark market with Danske Bank. These are the sorts of opportunities
we see coming about, and therefore we see our focus into those areas will continue to give us benefits.
Those are the questions I had and now I pass it on to Nilanjan.
Nilanjan Roy
Thanks, Salil.
The first question I have is, why are our margins dropping when most of our competition is doing fairly
well? Is large deals eating the margins? What is the strategy to maintain good margin while having
good growth? And this is a question from Jagirda Hanumesh Vasudeva Rao.
- 37 -So, in FY 23, as you're aware, we had margin impacts from salary increases. We had some costs
coming back like travel and our utilizations dipped. Also, large deals which were struck in prior years we
had the initial impact of that. But as you know that our aspiration continues to be to give, you know,
robust and strong growth, and robust and strong margins. So, we are working on the margin side
continuing to look at levers like automation, looking at Pyramid optimization onsite-offshore mix. And
from the growth side, as you are all aware, we have delivered industry-leading growth over the last few
years. And we continue to aspire towards that.
The next question is how many MSME vendors were engaged during the financial year and what is the
transaction value of business with such MSME vendors? Is there any delay in payment to such vendors
in FY 22-23? If so, what is the value? This is a question from Mr. N. Nanchiappan.
As on March 31, 2023, the outstanding value of dues to MSMEs was ₹97 crore and the value of
payment made after the due date along with interest thereon during the year was ₹33 crore.
The third question is how prepared is the company to hedge the risk of dollar depreciation?
As you all know that we have a very strong natural hedge in many markets which we operate. The
revenue and the costs are matched. So, you have salaries in the local currency as well as the revenue.
At what level of market risk is remaining, we hedge that through a very robust treasury policy which is
governed by the Audit Committee. And you've seen the impact of that over the last few years which we
have reduced the volatility of the Forex line tremendously due to this policy.
With that, I pass on to Manikantha.
