
Thank you, Sir.
May I now request the next shareholder, Shrenik Mehta.Sir, kindly go ahead and ask your question.
Shrenik Mehta
[Missing audio] Mehta from port city of Jamnagar. Age-wise, I'm 70+, and I'm a minority shareholder.
Academically I am M.Com LLB, advocate, and I'm a long-term investor in share market also, as well as
I'm a sub broker on NSE. That is my short introduction. My DP ID is IN30097410028000.
Our beloved Chairman, Nandan Nilekani Saheb, Salil Parekh Sir, the Board of Directors, Mr.
Manikantha, our Company Secretary and his secretarial team. First of all, I would like to convey my
thanks to all of you for giving me an opportunity to speak at the 42nd AGM. My questions are: Sir, it is
said by our very good, loved Motilal Oswal Financial Services, share market ke baare mein bola jaata
hai, bhaav Bhagwan hai. [It is said about the share market, that price is God]. If so if I translate into
English, shaayad [maybe] Nandan Nilekani doesn't know Gujarati, price is like, for share market, price
is like a God. Now I am coming to the Infosys. From all-time high, today, our Nifty has again touched
back. And IT index is minus 8% whereas our Infosys price are minus 22% as on today. That much
underperformance, Nandan Nilekani, Salil Parekh Sir, and Manikantha, our company's price has done.
And [unclear audio], I have put much more weightage in my total portfolio of my total holding. So it is
quite concerning to me.
Now, let me come to second point. Sir, during last three-four AGMs, me and other shareholders are
requesting the Board of Directors to do buyback through tender route. Then again also, after so many
requests, you have not accepted our request and last buy back was through open market operation.
So, we don't get direct benefit. Now Manikantha, question to you. If I'm not mistaken, from 1st April
- 13 -2024, recently Sebi has passed an order that from 1st April 2024, all buyback will be through tender
route. Kindly confirm whether my understanding is correct or not, because personally, me and my
Jamnagar Chamber of Commerce have represented to SEBI that buyback should be compulsorily by
tender route, not by open market operations. Kindly confirm in your answer.
I think dividend policy, I think 85% you are returning back, so, I don't have much question about it.
But now, Mr. Salil Parekh and Nandan Nilekani. What about organic growth and inorganic growth for
future? About Salil Parekh’s address, much talk about artificial intelligence but as I'm a student of
commerce and law, I don't understand much but as a shareholder, I would like to know, will artificial
intelligence support our working or it will distract our working? Please throw some light in simple
language, who can understand, a student of commerce and law.
Manikantha, now question is to you. Every time, I have to cast my vote through these my demat
account. When I go, that NSDL site shows my email and my mobile number is not registered. Then I
lodge a complaint with my deposited participant, Marwadi Shares. They say we have already registered
your number. Then I lodge complaint with NSDL. They say we have also registered your mobile
number and email id perfectly. Toh bola problem kahaan hai, Sir? [Sir, where is the problem?] So, why
e-voting site says so? Uske kehne ka matlab yeh hai, NSDL ka. [What the NSDL is saying is…] I got
reply from NSDL, ke jo aapka transfer agent hai, transfer and register, KFin Tech, woh puri tarah se
hamara data uthathe nahin hai. Iski wajah se aapka email and mobile number does not show. [Your
register and transfer agent, KFin Tech does not take the data completely. This is why your email and
mobile number do not show] while you want to do e-voting. Phir unhone koi special password bhi de
diya. [Then they gave me some special password.] Then I was able to cast my vote and register myself.
And last point, Sir, you are doing so much of Corporate Social Responsibility work. I'm from Jamnagar
district. It is my humble suggestion that do some corporate social responsibility in my district of
Jamnagar, in consultation with Member of Parliament, Mrs. Poonamben Maadam. Thank you for giving
me an opportunity and as a shareholder, I'm quite happy. But, my price, share price of Infosys are not
going and you are not doing buyback by tender route. So, these are my two grievances, please. Thank
you all.
