
Dear shareholders, thank you for joining our 42nd AGM today and for taking time to participate in the
proceedings. Before we go live with the Q&A, here are some points to note for your convenience. When
your name is called and you're projected on the screen, please mention your name, folio number and
the location from where you're joining and proceed to ask your question. Each shareholderwill have
two minutes for their questions. To avoid repetition, the Board will respond to all the questions at the
end. Once you have asked your question, you can switch to watch the proceedings. The Board will be
taking questions from shareholders in two or three sets, depending on the number of questions on the
video.
With that, I will request the first shareholder, Celestine… Celestine, kindly go ahead and ask your
question, please.
Celestine
Okay. I want to just greet [unclear audio] non-independent promoter Mr. Nandan M. Nilekani and, MD
and CEO, Salil Parekh, other Board members, my fellow shareholders attending this e-meeting. I am
- 11 -Mrs. C.A. Mascarenhas. I am speaking from Mumbai. First, I thank the Company Secretary, A.G.S.
Manikantha and his team for sending me an e-annual report and also registering as a speaker at my
request. Thank you so much, and giving me this beautiful platform, where I can interact. I come to the
Annual Report, very exhaustive, but self-explanatory adhering to all the [unclear audio] corporate
norms. The working is very good, there is no any, it is par excellence speaks, market capitalization
speaks, dividend of ₹34. Also with it, buyback in the open market it amounts to, I don't know, 86% of
the free cash flow. What a wonderful company! Now I congratulate for all the awards, all our documents
in the annual report. Congratulations, which to say 10 times, for obtaining ESG corporate award and we
got Platinum Award. I am reading so many Balance Sheets, I'm not able to find this sort of award, I
don't know, Infosys, I am so pleased, very, very happy. We are recognized by… top performer in 2023
by Sustainalytics. And, also our company has topped the charts of ESG leadership rankings and was
featured in the Crisil Sustainability Yearbook 22 for the second consecutive year. Keep it up, very good.
I would like to know that we are in some international ESG list, platform listed there if you could throw
lights. Now the currently, the changing what is our motto like, changing game with intelligence. How
much is invested, how much like total, I want total percentage in AI, our level in metaverse, machine
learning, any acquisition of any companies which are seasoned in this field, throw some light. I don't
want to ask many questions because ESG is covered and then all that CSR. So all is told, and there's
full report on…How many employees are in the design operations, how many are in the [unclear audio]
sector, and what is the attrition level? Also, total attrition level on the whole and if it is high, how do we
plan to keep our staff so that they don't do hop here and there. Next is, Infy has grown from strength to
strength and I feel still the best is yet to come. This is not over, it has grown and it is best going to
come. So, I don't want to ask further questions, I want to sit and take [unclear audio] in the way of
acquisitions, in the way of dividends and in buybacks. With this I support [unclear audio] I wish my
Company all the best. Especially, I wish all the Infoscions good health because health is [unclear
audio]. Once again, I say thanks to the entire team for giving this patient hearing.
