
Thank you, Ms. Shruti. Now, may I request Mr. Om Prakash? Mr. Om Prakash, kindly go ahead and
ask your question.
Om Prakash
Yeah, right.Thanks to our secretarial team for helping me register as a speaker shareholder. Sir ji, this
is my first AGM only due to virtual. Thought I am your very old shareholder, it is just an opportunity for
me to speaks and join this AGM virtually sitting in Kolkata. New technology ka kamaal hain Sir ji. [It is
the magic of new technology, Sir]. If possible, please follow this type of virtual AGM in next year also.
Sir ji, what a performance! Mind-blowing performance! Iske liye aapko, aapke sabhi Board of Directors
ko, aur employees ko bahut bahut dhanyavaad. [For this, thank you and Board of Directors and
employees too.]
- 18 -On equity of ₹2,074 crore, our total income is ₹127873 crore, matlab [meaning] one lakh twenty-seven
thousand eight seventy-three crore on a standalone basis and our net profit is ₹23,268 crore. It means
EPS is ₹55.48, 10% more than previous year and dividend is ₹34, means 62% distribution of net profit.
Very good distribution Sir ji. Thank you once again. You are an Indian MNC. Beauty of our Company.
Our total income is increasing every year. Our net profit is increasing every year. Our EPS is increasing
every year. Our dividend is increasing every year. And our equity is decreasing every year. This is the
beauty of our Company. Ek shareholder ko aur kya chahiye, Sir ji? Bahut bahut dhanyavaad iske liye.
[What more does a shareholder want, Sir? Many thanks for this.]
Sir ji, today my dream come true. Today, I’m interacting with a scientist, an innovator, a good human
and a donor. Mr. Nandan Nilekani Sir. Sometime back, I came to know from media that you donated a
good amount of money to IIT Mumbai. Acha laga Sir sunke. [Felt good to hear that, Sir.] It will be
helpful in developing a new crop of students. You developed Aadhaar card, which is helping today our
country too much. Thank you, Sir ji.
Mr. Salil Parekh, you are also a great person, you are helping our country in several ways. You
developed new software for our Income Tax department, which is working well today. Sir ji, ek-do
question hai. Driverless car – How much it has been developed? Second: Artificial intelligence, which is
also called AI. Unemployment increases after 2-3 years. How it will affect human life, means what is its
side effects?Third, any modification in guidance? Previously, you have given downward guidance.
You have sent your new contracts 2-3 times back. Iske baad aapke guidance mein kuch change hua
kya? Iske liye thoda sa bataiyega. [After this, is there a change in your guidance, please tell.]
Thank you. Thank you, Sir ji. At last Sir ji, please maintain your smile and be cheerful. We are always
with you as a long-term investor. Thank you. Thank you.
