:
The next question is from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.
Page 17 of 23Nitin Aggarwal:
I have 2 questions. One is around how sustainable are the recoveries that we are
witnessing over the past few quarters? In context to this, if we look at our provisions to
PPOP guidance and even including the contingent provisions, we are seeing a very benign
run rate. So, how do you see that? Any thoughts around this? Second question is on
unsecured book. The PL and credit cards both are doing very well and the mix is now
averaging 10.5%-11% of the total book. How do you really see that? Any cap that we will
look to have on the mix of unsecured assets? These are my two questions.
Anindya Banerjee:
On the first one, I think one is that, I guess, it sort of gives us confidence in our
underwriting. And I think that the two things we must remember is that on the corporate
side, we were anyway, even in 2019 and 2020, coming off a very deep corporate cycle.
So, it is fair to expect that in the years after that, you would have a very benign kind of
credit experience. In retail and SME, the portfolio has gotten severely tested by COVID. Of
course, we did see higher NPL additions during that time. From here on, we will have to
see how the mix, the gross additions and recoveries and so on evolve and look at what
kind of credit costs come through. But in terms of what we are sort of planning over the
long term or what are our tolerance levels or what we are trying to design the business to,
we would continue to look at that 20-odd percent of provisions to PPOP. Sorry, what was
your second question?
Nitin Aggarwal:
On the unsecured piece
Anindya Banerjee:
As you know, we have grown this portfolio primarily on the back of cross-sell to existing
customers or through very strong partnerships like Amazon and by identifying sort of the
correct profiles even if they are new to Bank. The credit performance of these portfolios
has been quite good. We have no plans to look at any cap as of now because we don't see
anything in the credit trends to warrant that.
Page 18 of 23