:
The next question is from the line of Jai Mundra from B&K Securities. Please go ahead
Jai Mundra:
If you can share the duration of your term deposit, what could be the average duration of
your term deposit? I mean a ballpark number will also do.
Anindya Banerjee:
We have not really given a duration per se. I think we do publish sort of maturity pattern.
I would say that we would have a significant proportion in 1 year plus.
Jai Mundra:
Right. I think that gets distorted because 1 year plus would have the entire CA and I don't
know what percentage of SA would be sitting in either 3 years or 5 years. So, specifically
on term deposit, I mean ballpark, let's say, how much of that would be, let's say, less than
1 year or how much could be over 3 years or 5 years?
Page 15 of 23Rakesh Jha:
A lot of the retail term deposits actually across most banks is in the 1-year bucket as
Anindya said. It is for the retail FD, in particular, not the total deposits. A lot of it is in 1
year. And of course, we have been offering slightly higher rates in the longer bucket as
well, in the 3-year bucket. So, some of the deposits would have come in that bucket. But
predominantly, it will be in the 12 to 18 months bucket. For all banks, it will be pretty
similar.
Jai Mundra:
Just while we are on this, the distribution of savings and the current deposit will always
be less than 1 year, right? Is it fair to assume that, let's say, 90%-95% of CA in that maturity
pattern would be sitting in less than 1-year maturity?
Rakesh Jha:
That is behavioural. So, it will vary.
Anindya Banerjee:
It will vary and it may not be consistent across banks as well.
Jai Mundra:
Second question is, sir, on your distribution strategy, I mean the branch strategy, we have
been fairly calibrated over the last 3-4 years, maybe rightly so, because we have already
increased the digital offerings and digital services. Do you think that you may have to sort
of rethink that approach for the next 2-3 years, considering the competitive landscape
emerging, especially distribution strategy by the largest private Bank?
Anindya Banerjee:
We give a lot of flexibility to our operating teams on where and how many branches they
want to open. We have not imposed any restrictions. It is part of the investment that needs
to be made and managed within our overall PPOP framework. This quarter, if you see, we
have, after a long time, added about 120 branches. So, we will keep looking at that and
Page 16 of 23adding as we need to, wherever we see opportunity to either establish a presence in a
growth market or deepen our presence in a high-value market.
Jai Mundra:
So the question is similar, that could we see a higher branch addition pace versus what
we have seen over the last 2-3 years?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes, I think we could, but that is based on our own sort of growth strategy.
Jai Mundra:
Last question, sir, I mean even adjusted for KCC slippages, the retail slippages compared
to last quarter also look higher. Would you have any specific reasons apart from the KCC
slippages?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, Jai, as we have been saying for some time, I think in the granular portfolios like retail,
business banking, SME and so on, we need to focus on the net slippage. Similarly in the
granular working capital accounts where there may be an NPL classification due to some
technical reason, which then gets regularized. These types of accounts, to a large extent,
tend to cure in a pretty short period of time. This is very different from the lumpy corporate-
type exposure, which once they get into the NPA bucket, there is typically a long delay
until the recovery happens. So, we would really focus on the net number. And as far as
the net number is concerned, we have been saying for some time that -- of course, in the
second half of last year, we had net deletions to gross NPA. So that was due to higher
recoveries out of the stock of NPAs that had got created during the pandemic period. And
we were expecting that we would start seeing net addition from the current quarter, which
is what has played out. Although I must say that even the current level of net additions is
relatively low.
