:
The next question is from the line of Hardik Shah from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Rahul Jain:
Page 19 of 23This is Rahul here. Just a couple of questions. On Slide 36, the rating-wise mix that you've
given, is it predominantly for the entire corporate and the SME portfolio? I mean just
wanted to understand what explains the swing in AA minus and above from 36% to 47%?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes. So, this is on the non-retail portfolio. And as you see, the A- and above bracket has
remained broadly stable. There would have been some upgrades from the A family to the
AA- and above family. So, that is a movement that would keep happening. But broadly,
we would focus on, say, 70% plus is A- and above.
Rahul Jain:
Understood. Understood. And will it have sort of implication on yields also going forward
in this portfolio then?
Anindya Banerjee:
Not really, I think.
Rahul Jain:
Then going back to the provisioning bit, of course, much has been asked, but just wanted
to understand the understanding behind making it. So, these are contingency provisions,
right, which you've been building over the last 2 quarters. Is this against the BB and below
rated portfolio? Or what portfolio this is being built against?
Anindya Banerjee:
It is a contingency provision made by looking at sort of risk markers across a very broad
range of portfolios and, as we said, the continuing uncertainties in the environment, both
geopolitical and macroeconomic.
Rahul Jain:
Can you talk about the revolver percentage in the credit card portfolio that we may have
and also the EMI book?
Page 20 of 23Anindya Banerjee:
We have not really spoken about a specific percentage, Rahul.
Rahul Jain:
And then one final big picture question. So, RBI has put out this vision document on
payments in which you talk about UPI, credit on UPI plus linking the RuPay credit card to
UPI. Any broad thoughts on how you're all thinking about those? And does it sort of excite
you about the credit on UPI?
Anindya Banerjee:
We are always excited about new innovations that take place in the payment system or
the financial system. I think we will participate in all of these within our risk appetite. We
already offer a pay later product, which is a credit line on UPI embedded in the Bank's
mobile app. I think India has one of probably the most evolved payment system in the
world and we would keep looking at what business cases or use cases arise out of that.
