July 27, 2022
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Department Listing Department
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Exchange Plaza, 5th floor
Dalal Street Plot No. C/1, G Block
Mumbai 400 001 Bandra-Kurla Complex
Bandra (East)
Mumbai 400 051
Dear Sir/Madam,
Please find attached transcript of the Earnings call with analysts and investors for the quarter
ended June 30, 2022. The same can be accessed on the link:
https://www.icicibank.com/aboutus/qfr.page?#toptitle
This is for your records and information.
Yours sincerely,
For ICICI Bank Limited
Vivek Ranjan
Chief Manager
Encl.: As above
ICICI Bank Limited Tel.: (91-22) 2653 1414 Regd. Office: ICICI Bank Tower,
ICICI Bank Towers Fax: (91-22) 2653 1122 Near Chakli Circle,
Bandra-Kurla Complex Website www.icicibank.com Old Padra Road
Mumbai 400 051, India. CIN.: L65190GJ1994PLC021012 Vadodara 390007. IndiaICICI Bank Limited
Earnings conference call - Quarter ended June 30, 2022 (Q1-2023)
July 23, 2022
Certain statements in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter
alia concerning our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking
statements intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws
including the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-
looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and regulatory
changes, international economic and business conditions, political or economic
instability in the jurisdictions where we have operations, increase in non-
performing loans, unanticipated changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates,
equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in business, the
adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for
banking products and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our
exposure to market risks, changes in India’s sovereign rating, and the impact of the
Covid-19 pandemic which could result in fewer business opportunities, lower
revenues, and an increase in the levels of non-performing assets and provisions,
depending inter alia upon the period of time for which the pandemic extends, the
remedial measures adopted by governments and central banks, and the time taken
for economic activity to resume at normal levels after the pandemic, as well as
other risks detailed in the reports filed by us with the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are
based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date of this
release. ICICI Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could
affect our future operating results are more fully described in our filings with the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available at
www.sec.gov.
This release does not constitute an offer of securities.
