:
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of
Mahrukh Adajania from Edelweiss. Please go ahead.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Could you please explain the increase in employee expenses because there was a sharp
increase? That's my first question.
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes. Mahrukh, as we explained, if we compare, over the last 12 months, we have added
about 7,250 employees. Also, the ESOP cost, which was not accounted for in Q1 of last
year, is getting accounted for in Q1 of this year, that's about Rs. 1.29 billion. We would
have the impact of promotions and increments that would have become effective in the
current quarter.
Mahrukh Adajania:
So, a large part of it is growth related as well.
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes
Mahrukh Adajania:
And my other question was on your yields. So, if you see the yield on loans, it's kind of
declined quarter-on-quarter. That's largely because of the foreign book?
Anindya Banerjee:
Page 11 of 23No. As you know, the rise in interest rates is a phenomenon that started to play out only
from June. So, it reflects the rates at which lending has been done over the last few
quarters and the relative maturity versus new lending in the book because rates were quite
competitive well into May as well. If you recall, last time we had mentioned that there is
some arithmetical impact between Q4 and Q1 because of the number of days. So, if you
look back historically also in Q1 versus Q4, the yield has been slightly lower.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Got it. In general, how would the growth outlook pan out? As in we are into a strong growth
phase right now. But does the global scenario impact growth 6 months down the line or
is there a resilient structural demand?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think currently, Mahrukh, if you look at general loan growth across the sectors for us and
our peer banks who have reported, it has held up quite well, although rates have started
moving up from late May. There seems to be a fair degree of resilience in demand in typical
segments in which banks like us operate. But we'll have to monitor this as we go along.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Got it. I just have one last question, which is on your bond portfolio. You did make trading
gains, and you did not have any mark-to-market loss. Is that correct?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes. Mahrukh, in our AFS portfolio, as we may have discussed in the past, we generally
carry a very low duration. So, whatever mark-to-market, if at all, would have been there,
would have been negligible. We would have had some small gains on the equity side. So,
that has led to this small net positive. But even adjusted for that, we would not have had
any material mark-to-market at all because of the low duration of our AFS portfolio.
