
Thank you, Supriya. The next question is from Malavika Maloo from Enterprise Story.
Malavika Maloo
As you have been talking about retaining talent and hiring, you also said that you will be looking for
better compensation packages and other programs, so do you see the cost of retaining and hiring
talent to go up in the coming quarters, especially given that there is a shortage of supply and what
are the other challenges you are facing in this area? My second question has to do with ESG. Are
you seeing any factors of ESG which clients are considering while signing deals and if yes, how do
you plan on taking that into account and how do you plan to improve your ESG factors? Thank
you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for those questions. The first one with respect to talent, compensation, and cost as
Nilanjan had shared earlier these are things that we have factored in as we look at our cost
outlook for the full year, we have already worked with compensation increase, which was rolled out
in January, another one which is rolled out in July, there are other mechanisms through
promotions, through different approaches, which we have done on retentions and as we bring
talent in. Yes, all of those are costs, but those have been factored in as we provide our guidance
for the full year, which is operating margin of 22% to 24% .There are many other levers which we
use as some of them that we have discussed here for example how we work with subcontractors,
how we work with role ratios in pyramid, what we do in terms of digital value with our clients which
will help us to make sure that the overall cost and margin equation is how we have committed and
how we have forecasted in terms of the market.
For the ESG, I will request Nilanjan to give a view on that please.
Nilanjan Roy
As you all know we actually rolled out our ESG 2030 vision in October last year and fundamentally
we realized that our sustainability has to address all stakeholders - our clients, our shareholders,
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
18our employees, the community we work in and therefore it is a very holistic ESG vision.
Specifically, we have also seen that supply chain for many of our clients and when we are the
vendors for them, they are very interested in our ESG practices and sustainability practices. In fact
in Europe, it is very common for clients to ask us about ESG ratings in global indices. So
absolutely this is more and more going to be a long part and a large part in the decision making as
well and I think our credentials over the last 40 years around this is very high. We have recently
been rated by one of the largest Indian rating houses last month as a number one company across
India in our ESG practices.
