
Thank you, Pravin. The next question is from Sankalp Phartiyal from Reuters. Sankalp has sent
his questions on text. He has a question for Salil and Pravin. Two questions again. The first
question is regarding the opening up of the US economy, how is work coming back? Are big deals
in the offing, if yes, which sectors? The second question, a third wave is predicated in India, are
there any changes to the work from home model or to hiring?
Salil Parekh
Thanks Sankalp for those questions. I think you are absolutely right. The US geography, certainly
many of the European markets are coming back very strongly. We see the economies opening up,
through that we see a lot of demand for large programs which look at modernization, look at
transformation, look at cloud or look at areas which are focused on data and analytics. We do see
our large deals in all of these areas and especially when things have to be brought together where
all of the capabilities have to work in conjunction, those are the sorts of deals where we have a
real advantage where all of our thinking and approach of ‘One Infosys’ comes together. In terms of
sectors, we see continuously good demand for those sorts of activities in Financial Services,
Retail, consumer products has come back nicely. We see good demand on the Hi-Tech sector and
that is an area which has tremendous potential going ahead. Many of the other sectors are also in
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
13good shape, but these are especially quite strong at this time. On the second one, Pravin, you
want to take it?
Pravin Rao
I think the nature of the pandemic is, we will continue to see multiple waves because while India is
expecting a third wave some of the geographies have already had the impact of the third wave and
economies have started opening up. In the long run, getting majority of the population vaccinated
and following safe practices at least for the near future is going to be the only solution. In the
interim, the current way of working in hybrid model will probably remain true. So whatever we have
been doing in the last four-five quarters in terms of hiring, working from home, those things still
continue. In the past as well, between the first and second wave we had about 5% of the
population come back to work, but when second wave triggered, we had most of them started
working back from home, so we expect that trend to continue for some time. But our own
expectation is over the next six months or so, assuming that the impact of any subsequent wave is
minimal, we will probably expect maybe about 20% to 30% of the people to start coming to work-
from-office. Again, this could vary from geography to geography and as I said earlier it will also
depend on nature of project, client requirements, and individual preferences and so on.
