
Thank you, Poonam. The next question is from Sharad Dubey who joins us from CNBC Awaaz.
Sharad, please go ahead.
Sharad Dubey
Good afternoon Salil Ji and management. Congratulations on extremely good numbers. How are
the overall pricing trends and client confidence this quarter? What improvements are we seeing in
the digital business and the cloud business? Question for Pravin - the wage hikes that have
happened, is there a timeline in FY22 and what possible impact it could have on the margins given
that travel is resuming, and the out-of-pocket expenses might increase. There is one more
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
6question - what are the hiring trends you are seeing? Your peers are doing extraordinary hiring
and we are seeing a good growth momentum in the IT pack as well – can you please share your
perspective on the same?
Salil Parekh
Thank you, Sharad. We very much see the demand which is focused on digital and cloud areas.
Digital, itself grew at 42%. We also have our Infosys Cobalt set of capabilities, which has seen
more and more traction with our clients, and we continue to expand that set of capabilities, we
continue to build out more industry specific solutions and more artifacts which are being used by
our clients as they look at their cloud journeys. Those are areas which are most in demand. The
other side that we see - where there is a focus on operations and technology coming together and
doing a complete transformation from a client’s business perspective and that is driving how it
impacts their end customers or their employees or how they interact with their partner ecosystem.
Those are places where we are seeing more and more traction. So overall the demand outlook
looks quite good, and the pricing looks quite stable at the start of this financial year. Pravin, over to
you.
Pravin Rao
On the compensation front, we did the first round of increments effective January of this year. We
also announced the second round of increments which will be effective July of this year, so that is
already underway. That is the compensation plan, and it is already factored in our margin
guidance. Likewise, any increased travel due to relaxation on the COVID guidelines and so on, all
those things have already been factored in from a margin perspective. In terms of hiring, we are
looking at about 35,000 college-graduate hiring globally. We have already hired 10,000 this
quarter and we will hire the remaining 25,000 over the next three quarters. We will continue to hire
laterals as we have been doing in the past in addition to the college graduate hiring.
