
Thanks, Ayushman. The next question is from Stuti Roy. Stuti has sent her questions on text. I will
read out on Stuti’s behalf. The questions are for Salil. Two questions; the glitches in the IT portal
seem to be continuing. The finance minister had held a review meeting with Infosys officials asking
them to resolve them on priority, which are the issues or glitches that users still face on the portal
and by when they are likely to be resolved completely? The next question, Infosys had initiated an
internal investigation into an insider trading matter after markets regulator SEBI barred two of its
employees from the securities market in that case. What is the update on that?
Salil Parekh
As Pravin had just shared on the income tax system situation, we are working extremely hard in
making sure that all of the features are being delivered, we are working expeditiously. As Pravin
shared, several of the functionalities are already working, there are a large number of returns that
are being filed, statutory forms that are being uploaded, e-proceedings that are carrying on. And
there is work done in making sure that all of the stability and the performance is coming together.
We have also augmented the team and the project management. We feel all of this is moving
ahead. There is some work that still needs to be done and we are confident that all of that will be
done. We are working very closely with the Income Tax Department and with the Chartered
Accountants Associations who have been kind enough to give their input and advice on this
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
12matter. Working jointly and collaboratively with all the stakeholders, we believe that all of these
situations will be addressed in a step-by-step manner and all of the issues will be resolved.
In terms of the insider trading, this is something where the company Infosys is not a focus of any
of the activity from SEBI. We are fully supporting in providing data and information and we will
watch what the process entails and make sure we are in full compliance with all the guidelines and
regulations. Infosys is not part as a company, of any enquiry or proceeding in this matter.
