
Thank you so much Sharad. The next question is from Sajeet Manghat from BloombergQuint.
Sajeet, please go ahead.
Sajeet Manghat
Good set of numbers from your end. Salil, my question to you, in FY21 we saw you gathering
nearly $14 bn of deal and $2.6 bn in Q1 of this year. Can you give us an idea of where is this deal
coming from? Which regions this is coming from and what is the kind of pricing pressure that you
may be facing here. Because even though deals are coming in at a much higher rates, we are not
able to see that translate into higher margins and your margins are dependent on your domestic
levers and efficiency levers, which are there, that is one question? For Nilanjan, you spoke the fact
that you have wage hikes coming in. Can you give us an idea of when the discretionary spends
with respect to travel and marketing expenses is kicking and if that kicks in, by what quarter we
could see that impact coming into the EBIT margins going forward? For Pravin, a sense of some of
the verticals how they are doing – BFSI, retail, and communication, are we seeing large deals
coming in from there or is this just discretionary spends which is coming in from some of the
clients?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for those questions. I will start off. I think what we see with the large deals as you shared,
we had a good outcome last financial year at $14 bn, this quarter it is starting off well at $2.6 bn.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
7We definitely see these deals being very much part of the change that our clients are looking for
and that is what from our portfolio of services that the clients are leveraging. As I shared earlier,
our pricing looks stable at this stage, in terms of how that translates to margin as Nilanjan was
sharing, last year we had several one-offs where travel had come down where we had been
extremely focused on many other costs as we entered the March, April, May timeframe. Many of
those costs will start going up, for example, the salary increases and many other things we have
done for the employees. As that has come in, that is where we see the outcome of 23.7% in the
first quarter. We still see from a deal perspective a good outlook and this 23.7% is very much
within the guidance that we had shared at the beginning of the year, and we continue to have
confidence that we are in that guidance. With that let me pass it on to you, Pravin.
Pravin Rao
From an industry perspective, we have had a broad based growth. Seven of the eight industry
verticals had double digit growth except communication and two of our largest verticals FS and
retail had more than 20% YoY growth on constant currency basis. And if you look at from large
deal perspective, we had 22 large deal wins this quarter, out of it, nine were in Financial Services,
four each in Retail and Energy, Utility, Resources & Services, two in Manufacturing and one each
in other verticals. So Financial Services obviously had standout growth this quarter and this is
consistent with what we have seen in the past four to five quarters we have had industry leading
growth. Growth has been led primarily in US and mostly in the subsegments of banking,
mortgages, wealth, and retirement services. With economy opening up, we expect demand to
come back in the payment space as well. We are seeing a lot of uptick on cloud adoption, and we
are seeing lot of opportunities around cloud migration, cloud management, cloud platform
implementations and so on. We are well positioned as the full-scale digital transformation player in
this space.
We have also seen good uptick in demand in retail after a long time. With vaccination done and
economy opening up in many of the major markets, we are seeing pent up demand coming to the
fore. Consumers’ sentiment is turning positive. This augurs well for the retail sector. Clients are
aggressively investing in accelerating their digital transformation initiatives. It is a great opportunity
for us to help our clients in their omnichannel initiatives and compete with the digital initiatives. We
are seeing good traction in this space as well.
While CMT has been soft on a YoY basis, on a sequential basis we are seeing good growth on the
back of some of the large deal wins both in prior quarter and in the current quarter. In this space,
there is a lot of focus on 5G, cybersecurity, edge computing, and some of the next gen
technologies like IoT, AI and so on.
Energy, Utilities, was one of the softer quarters and we still see some softness in travel, hospitality,
and also in energy space. However, we are slowly seeing some discretionary spend come back in
this space. Here the focus is more on customer service transformation, legacy modernization,
smart grid initiatives and so on.
Lastly, on the manufacturing, again we have had industry leading growth. We have had a tailwind
of Daimler win in the previous quarter. We are doing extremely well in all the three subsegments of
aerospace, automotive and industrial. Here I think we are seeing a lot of opportunities around
ER&D, engineering, industrial IoT and so on. So net-net, the growth has been pretty much broad
based.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
8