: Thank you. We have next question from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America.
Please go ahead.
Gunjan Prithyani: Two questions from my side. Firstly, on the follow up on margin, can you give us more color on
what is the impact of commodity on a sequential basis, because Gujarat was part of quarter1 cost
as well. So, incrementally, its essentially commodity hit. And also, you call out this increase in
advertisement and promotional spends in this quarter what does this pertain to, given we really
don’t have launches and discounts are very low in the market?
Ajay Seth: So, effectively the significant impact has been on commodities, as we mentioned that our
material costs to net sales ratio has moved up by about 6.4%. Now, that is a huge impact, in spite
of the small price increase that we have taken and also the cost reduction measures that we have
taken during the period. So, the impact of, so you can imagine that the impact of commodities
is much more than this 6.4% increase that you see, this is after netting off all the other measures
that the Company has taken. The quarter2 impact is also maximum because the precious metal
prices were at its peak in quarter one, and we always get a lag effect of these commodity costs.
Therefore, I mentioned that, given the current trend of precious metal cost, quarter3 or moving
forward looks better if there was not to be an increase in this. So, we will have to keep watching
in terms of where the market moves in commodity. But we will also have to accordingly decide
what are the steps that a Company needs to take if commodities either remain here or go up in
terms of corrective measures that are required to be taken.
Gunjan Prithyani: And there are no one offs of advertisement and promotional spends that you have mentioned in
the presentation, is this a recurring increase in the other expenses?
Ajay Seth: So, in other expenses, if you see there’s a bit of a grouping issue, there are some expenses that
you see going up because correspondingly, the recoveries are affected in the operating income.
So, operating income is up by about INR 270 crores and the expenses are up by about INR 230
to 240 crores. So, it’s a grouping issue some expenses have been which have been recovered
have been grouped in operating income and expenses has incurred have been shown in other
expenses.
7 | P a ge
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 October 2021Gunjan Prithyani: Okay. These are the freight related typically which get captured.
Ajay Seth: It would be development expenses; freight related these kinds of things.
Gunjan Prithyani: Okay. Second question I have is on the whole emission or CO2 norms which you briefly touched
upon. Now, if you can talk a bit on the CAFE 2 norms and the RDE norms which are more
imminent in the next two years, any clarity on the cost impact or our approach to comply with
the same and more importantly if I directionally look at the emission corridor it is bound to turn
more stringent in the next phase as well. Whether it’s at FY 27 or so, how are we thinking on
our product, be it electric, hybrid how should we think about the change in powertrain over the
next 3-5 years with these emission norm changes and also given the fuel prices have been rising
so some thoughts on this will help us from next 3-5year perspective.
Rahul Bharti: Okay. On the fuel price increase, how’s the market responding, I’ll request Head of Marketing
and Sales Mr. Shashank to respond on the other two questions I’ll take. See there are two broad
regulations which are coming up. One is the CAFE phase2 and the second is BS-VI phase2. BS-
VI phase2 involves a clause on real driving emissions, because of which we think there will be
an impact mostly on diesel powertrain cost to comply with that. So, on CAFE also different
manufacturers will have different strategies of meeting it, because there are so many options of
reducing your CO2 output. Maruti is positioned the best because we have the least CO2 emission
as a portfolio. And since it is just around the corner, we are expecting it from 1st of April 22 we
have to meet the norms. And in terms of the powertrain the options that you talked about. So,
while there are some EV launches, but the volumes are quite miniscule, and they don’t add
meaningfully to the CO2 reduction. So, we need some technology which addresses the
mainstream for example, natural gas, it does a 25% CO2 reduction and is scalable across India
and the government also wants it. It’s a clean fuel, there is no particulate matter, its customer
friendly, the market seems to absorb it well. So, that is why we are pitching on natural gas.
Hybrid electric vehicles are also very good because they don’t need charging infrastructure to
scale up, they have some cost impact but it is lesser than that of EVs and similarly they have
about a 40% CO2 benefit. So, this churn will happen in most car companies in the next 5-10
years. And we have to work with options which are best for the customer, and which gives us
good cost efficiency also. So, on question related to market impact because of increase in fuel
prices may I request Shashank san.
Shashank Srivastava: Yes, so directionally of course increased fuel prices increase the cost of running, and that’s a
negative as far as demand is concerned. However, what we have found is, that the demand for
the CNG vehicles have increased dramatically, possibly because of two reasons. One is increased
gap between the CNG fuel price and the gasoline diesel price, which means that the cost of
running for CNG roughly around INR.1.60-Rs.1.70 per kilometer against INR. 5 per kilometer
for a diesel or a petrol. So, that is one reason why it has gone up. And the second reason is, of
course because the CNG infrastructure has dramatically spread. Thanks to support from the
government. Now, we are covering almost 250 cities with 3800 odd stations as against just 3-4
years back of about 1400 stations covering 150 cities. So, directionally I think that will continue.
8 | P a ge
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 October 2021And as Mr.Bharti explained going forward, the mix of hybrid and CNG is going to help and
Maruti is very well placed as regards that.
Gunjan Prithyani: Thank you, this is very helpful. Just if you can share the discount and royalty number and I’ll
join back the queue.
Ajay Seth So, royalty for the quarter was at 3.5%. In terms of royalty value, it was INR 670 crores. And
discounts in this quarter were at INR18,567. It was up compared to the first quarter this year.
First quarter was at INR 13,911 and in the same period last year, our discounts were at INR
17,310. So, discount was slightly up compared to last year and about INR 4,000-5,000 higher
compared to the first quarter.
Gunjan Prithyani: That must be due to higher retails, I’m guessing.
Ajay Seth: That’s right.
