: Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the Q&A session. We have
a first question from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS. Please go ahead.
Pramod Kumar: Couple of questions relating to the P&L basically, if you can help us understand what has been
the hit to the P&L for the Gujarat arrangement wherein we kind of compensate them for the
fixed cost as well and for production volumes have taken a knock and there is a new capacity
which just got added there, how much has been the excess burden what Maruti is carrying at this
point of time, which is purely because of the Gujarat arrangement, if you can just help us
understand and how do you see that kind of reversing out as the production ramp up?
Ajay Seth: The impact of Gujarat is on two accounts, one it’s basically the new plant which has come up,
it was capitalized in April. So, there’s an impact of depreciation, that’s been charged on that
plant. And the second is the fixed cost that’s being incurred on that plant. Obviously, because of
chip shortage, the utilization has not been to what we had expected. Therefore, the fixed cost
that we are carrying on these two accounts, which is depreciation, where the run rate or the new
plant depreciation would be about INR 500 crores a year. So, you can divide it to take a quarterly
figure and the fixed cost I don’t have the fixed cost number right away with me, but there will
be a moderate amount of fixed cost although which has been incurred there, but these two
impacts are the ones that will negate ones the volumes pickup.
Pramod Kumar: And sir, just to clarify both these expense lines will be sitting for you at the operation level, in
terms of the EBITDA or the depreciation ideally should be bill back to you right in terms of the
cost of the car. So, how does the depreciation accounting work here, does it come above
EBITDA or below EBITDA?
Ajay Seth: Depreciation comes under the other expenses, because the way accounting is done, all other
costs which is material and overheads they are part of material cost, but depreciation is treated
4 | P a ge
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 October 2021as lease expenses, which is part of other expenses, as you see in the SEBI format. And we club
it under manufacturing and other expenses in our overall reporting.
Pramod Kumar: And sir second question pertains to demand and in that context where would you put your dealer
inventory, because I’m assuming that dealer inventory should be next to nothing, I just want to
confirm that, and order backlog of over 200,000, by when do you see that getting kind of
fulfilled. In a way, I am also trying to get it so how do you see the production for the second half
of this year in terms of basically what happened, what went wrong in the September quarter?
Ajay Seth: We fortunately have our Senior Executive Director, Mr. Shashank Srivastava, I request him to
answer this.
Shashank Srivastava: So, the current dealer inventory is roughly around 60,000 cars, including our commercial
vehicles. And of course, it’s expected with the festive retails going up, it will probably come
down a little bit from there. As regards the second half, it’s a little uncertain from the supply
side perspective. And therefore, we are unable to give you an exact number of what the
production or the sale would be in the second half. Yes, you are right, we have more than 250,000
bookings pending. But because of uncertainties in terms of supply, it’s difficult to predict both
the production as well as the exact retails. Thank you.
Pramod Kumar: And Shashank san related to that, will it have further delay in our launch pipeline, because we
are running behind on our product launch pipeline. So, I’m just trying to understand it was
already a busy launch pipeline what you were supposed to initiate. So, how should one look at
the launch pipeline from here on,
Shashank Srivastava: One of the strong points of Maruti Suzuki has been launching new products, which are as per
the requirement of the consumer, and that is what we intend to do in the future as well. These
launches are actually planned three to four years in advance. So, it’s unlikely that the needle
regarding that will move based on short term supply situation. Having said that, yes, we have a
very strong launch plan in the next few months.
