: Thank you. We have next question from the line of Ronak Sarda from Systematix Shares. Please
go ahead.
Ronak Sarda: The first question to Shashank sir on the CNG side, one if you can help us understand, I’m
assuming the waiting period is one of the highest in CNG variants. So, what kind of customer
profile are we seeing coming to CNG and related question is, are we planning to increase the
capacity both at Maruti and the vendor end?
Shashank Srivastava: Yes, so we have been studying that consumer profile for CNG. It is not really different as you
know, we have CNG in eight of our models out of the 15 that we have. So, here we haven’t seen
any big difference in terms of profile across the different criteria whether buyer type or the
occupation wise or the usage wise. So, it does appear that almost all consumers in our country
are quite conscious with the running cost, and which is what is the very positive thing about
CNG usage. On your second question of the volumes, the volumes for CNG for Maruti Suzuki
have been increasing dramatically, roughly about 75,000 units /year till 17-18 ~105,000 units in
each 18-19 and 19-20, 158,000 units in 2021 and this year, we are projecting around 300,000.
So, yes, you are right, there would be pressure on the capacity but I’m sure our supply chain
guys are working on it to increase the capacity in line with the projections going forward. Going
forward the projections are even higher.
Ronak Sarda: Right. And a related question is, how does the resale value of the existing pool of CNG vehicles
have behaved, because they were earlier concerns, how the deterioration of vehicle is much
larger in a CNG fuel option, so if you can just help us understand over the last one year, how
has the resale values behaved in this segment?
Shashank Srivastava: Yes, it’s a great question. And the reason I say that is, because there seems to be two types of
CNG vehicles, which are coming for resale, one is the factory fitted types, and the other is the
retrofitted types. The retrofitted CNG which are coming in the market have that problem that
you’re referring to, because there are concerns about safety of retro fitment, there is concern
about the engine, the life and the maintenance cost and that was actually also one of the fears
which consumers had when the retro fitment was being done, but when the factory fitted CNG
vehicles, there is no such concern and the used car prices for CNG is actually a little higher.
Because remember, now the gap between a CNG vehicle and the corresponding petrol vehicle
is around INR 90,000 and I am talking of the new car. So, that is reflected also in the used cars.
14 | P a ge
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 October 2021So, we do find that the factory fitted CNG, the used car prices hold quite strongly. But yes, for
retrofit vehicles, it does drop.
Ronak Sarda: Sure. And the second question to the team on the production side. If I study your monthly
numbers, we’ve seen in terms of appropriation of volumes, exports and sales to the other OEM
have remained largely stable month-on-month while the overall domestic volumes have seen a
very sharp cut as the semiconductor issues have cropped up. So, if you can help us understand
how do we see the overall vehicle appropriation and how does that change over the next quarter
or so?
Rahul Bharti: See, fortunately the semiconductor issue did not affect export sales much and we were able to
largely meet the market demand because those particular semiconductors were not used in those
models with those specifications. So, that’s the reason, OEM is a small volume that was in
proportion. But we hope we don’t have; the larger thing is to try to get more semiconductors so
that this problem is behind us.
Ronak Sarda: Sure. And the second part to this was, we have heard the OEMs building inventory to ensure
whenever the semiconductor supply ramps up, the overall production numbers could be higher,
is that the feasible option or how does the assembly line change or do you think once the overall
issue normalizes then only the overproduction can ramp up, just a thought on if we are building
up partly built inventories or something like that?
Shashank Srivastava: Yes, actually it’s an option if we know that the future supply of components is assured, which
in this case is not true. So, you can theoretically have semi-finished vehicles and complete them
once you receive the components, and you are right, some of the OEMs might be doing it. But
the thing is that one you have to store the vehicles for a long period of time. So, unless you know
that the components will be available, definitely, this may not be exactly a feasible option. But
if some manufacturer may want to take a chance and keep them in that stage so that when the
component comes they can be completed.
