: Thank you. We have next question from the line of Raghunandan from Emkay Global. Please
go ahead.
Raghunandan NL: To Shashank sir, on order booking can you speak about customer segments as demand is robust
and which segments where demand is relatively on the weaker side?
Shashank Srivastava: Yes, so I just mentioned if you look at the overall industry level, Entry SUV, Mid SUV, the
MPVs they have gone up, the sedans have gone down a little bit, premium hatches have gone
up, entry hatches come down just a little bit. So, that is overall, if you’re talking of Maruti
Suzuki, we have seen very strong vehicles not just in terms of the segment, but also in terms of
the fuel type, CNG vehicles I mentioned it a little while earlier as well. There the demand surge
seems to have been huge. And we also continue to have waiting periods actually across the
segments. And that’s because as we have had a little bit of erratic production because of the
semiconductor issue.
Raghunandan NL: Thank you Shashank sir, but I was referring to in terms of the salary class, business community
or the first-time, replacement and recently the IT sector has been doing very well. So, if you can
provide any color as to which type of customers like where you’re seeing the better mix for the
demand share and order bookings?
Shashank Srivastava: If you divide those segments Of course the one, the earlier answer pertains to the type of vehicle
segments. now you’re also asking about demographic, the type of buying itself. So, the first-
time buyers have remained pretty steady. For its roughly around 40%45%, -46% that has been.
Secondly, the replacement buying which was earlier 26%, a couple of years back has come down
to about 19.6%. But it’s slightly up over last year, the additional car buying has gone up from
about 30% in 2019-20 to about 35.2% in this year. So, this is by the buyer type, if you want of
course we have many other types, not sure whether we can go through the entire list. But the
average age has come down a little from about 40 years to about 38.5 now for Maruti Suzuki
vehicles. Average MHI actually have gone up a little bit and if you’re talking about those salaried
business, self-employed type of consumers, we’ve seen a drop as far as the salaried consumers
are concerned over last year, last year it had gone up suddenly from 43% in 2019-20 to 49% in
2020-21 it has drop back to that 40- 43% level and the business class customer has actually gone
down from about 33% in 2019-20 to about 29% now. So, that is the roughly the breakup if you
10 | P a ge
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 October 2021want in terms of the occupation. I am sure you would like to know about the gender percentage
also, it has remained steady.
Raghunandan NL: Thank you Mr. Shashank. My second question goes to Mr. Ajay Seth, sir in first half the CAPEX
is around 15 billion will the full year CAPEX be lower than the earlier expectation?
Ajay Seth: So, the CAPEX will be what we had mentioned earlier, which is 4,500 crores but on top of that,
we’ve also put in an additional amount of about INR 2,200 crores which could be possibly on
any further expansion of land that we are contemplating. So, there could possibly be a total
expense of about INR 6.700 crores for the year and expense CAPEX is going as per our plan at
the moment.
Raghunandan NL: Okay, so if I understand correctly a full year FY22, INR 6,700 crore, of that only INR 1,500 has
been spent in the first half?
Ajay Seth: That’s right. This what was planned in terms of cash flow and that’s been done in the first half
in the second half we have a plan of spending the balance amount.
Raghunandan NL: Thank you sir. This is very helpful, if you can just share data points from Gujarat production
like exports and spares that will be helpful.
Rahul Bharti: So, exports in Q2 the realization was INR 2,900 crores and in H1 it was about INR 5,188 crores.
Ajay Seth: Gujarat production is 120,000 for this quarter and 96,000 in quarter1
Raghunandan NL: Thank you sir. And could you share the spares number as you said realization between Q1 and
Q2 partly the reason is spares led to increase.
Rahul Bharti: We will give you the figure after sometime.
