: Thank you. We have next question from the line of Amyn Pirani from JP Morgan. Please go
ahead.
Amyn Pirani: First question is more of a clarification, you mentioned royalty of 3.5%. Does this include the
royalty for the Gujarat production or is it just what Maruti Suzuki is producing?
Ajay Seth: So, when I talk about royalty it is a combination of both MSIL and Gujarat.
Amyn Pirani: Okay. Because this number has come down quite drastically from 4Q of last year, even last
quarter it was lower. So, has there been any significant changes in any of the agreements with
Suzuki or is that a mix issue, can you help us understand?
Ajay Seth: We have been telling you for quite some time that as the models move into the rupee formula
and that they kick in with the discounts that are applicable on completion of certain volumes,
the royalty rates will come down and they have been progressively coming down. Now, all of
11 | P a ge
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 27 October 2021our models have moved into the rupee formula. And also, many of them are now under the
discount formula, because they have done more than that desired numbers for lower rate, and
hence the combination of the two, resultant royalty is now lower than 4%. So, it hovers around
3.5% to 4%, depending on the mix, and depending on the model.
Amyn Pirani: Okay. And whenever new models come in, then obviously they will still be on rupee formula,
but they will not get the discount benefit?
Ajay Seth: Yes, when we complete certain volumes, we will start getting discounts.
Rahul Bharti: Which is why we are saying below 4%, broadly 3.5% to 4%
Amyn Pirani: Understood that’s helpful. Second question was, again, some clarification on the Toyota
collaboration. So, the exports, you’ve mentioned that there is some benefit from the Toyota
dealership network. So, is this being sold under Toyota branding, in South Africa like you are
giving the Baleno and the Brezza to Toyota here, is it the same thing which is happening or is it
under Suzuki brand?
Rahul Bharti: So, basically, it’s the channel there, which is a major advantage in geographies like Africa,
particularly South Africa. So, the major benefit is of the distribution network. Plus, there’s a
global recovery also that has happened in many parts of the world. So, that has also helped.
Jimny also, has supported the growth in exports.
Bhavin: And just one last thing on the Toyota partnership. So, based on what we know and please correct
if I’m wrong, you are currently giving Baleno and Brezza and you will be giving Ertiga and Ciaz
models to them in the future and Toyota will be making a SUV or MPV in their India plant and
giving to you. Is that understanding correct?
Rahul Bharti: So, what we can confirm to you right now is the current which you mentioned about Baleno and
the Brezza. And whenever any new project comes about, we will inform you.
