: Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call of
Maruti Suzuki India Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the
conference over to Mr. Pranav Ambaprasad. Thank you and over to you sir.
Pranav Ambaprasad: Thank you Margret. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon once again. May I introduce you to
the management in the Maruti Suzuki. Today we have with us our CFO, Mr. Ajay Seth; from
Corporate we have Executive Director, Corporate Planning and Government Affairs, Mr. Rahul
Bharti; General Manager, Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations, Mr. Nikhil Vyas. From
Finance we have Executive Director, Mr. Pradeep Garg: Executive Advisor, Mr. D.D. Goyal;
Executive Vice President, Mr. Sanjay Mathur and Vice President, Mr. Dinesh Gandhi.
The con-call will begin with a brief statement on the performance and outlook of our business
by Mr. Seth, after which we'll be happy to receive your questions.
May I remind you of the safe Harbor. We may be making some forward looking statements that
have to be understood in conjunction with uncertainty and risks that the company faces. We also
like to inform you that the call is being recorded and the audio recording and the transcript will
be available on our website. Please note that in case of any inadvertent error during this live
audio call, the transcript will be provided with the corrected information.
I would now like to invite our CFO, Mr. Seth. Over to you sir.
Ajay Seth: Thanks Pranav. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I hope you and your families are healthy
and safe. The country is again witnessing an uptick in number of COVID-19 cases in certain
regions. We are closely monitoring the development and taking all precautionary steps in the
best interest of the employees' health and safety including that of our value chain partners.
Let me start with some highlights of financial year 2021-22; the company launched two new
products, new-Baleno and new-Celerio. Besides the highly fuel-efficient powertrain the
Company also offered many industry first technological features in the compact segment cars,
such as heads up display, telematics, 360o camera, hill hold assist to improve customer
convenience and safety. In the new-Baleno the increased fuel efficiency coupled with the
introduction of many technological features that will increase its acceptability. Since its launch
in February‘22 new Baleno has received more than 80,000 bookings.
During the year, the Company also launched product refreshers in Wagon-R and extended its
CNG product lineup with the introduction of Dzire CNG. The year saw customer preferences of
CNG vehicles increasing further. The Company's sold over 230,000 CNG vehicles and
registered highest ever sales for the CNG vehicles in any financial year. The Company continues
to be the most preferred car brand in the country. In financial year ‘21-22, 8 of the top 10 best-
Page | 2
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 29 April 2022selling passenger vehicles were from Maruti Suzuki stable. The Company’s highly successful
MPV Ertiga joined the top 10 best-selling passenger vehicles for the first time.
We thank our customers for their continued trust on our products. We exported 238,376 vehicles
in financial year ‘21-22. It is the highest ever exports in any year by the Company.
The contribution of sales from non-urban markets in overall sales increased to 43.6% in FY ‘21-
22. With strong focus on non-urban markets the company has gained the milestone of cumulative
sales of 5 million cars. In the month of March our parent company Suzuki Motor Corporation
through its subsidiary Suzuki Motor Gujarat signed a memorandum of understanding with the
Government of Gujarat to invest INR 104 billion in BEV batteries and BEV manufacturing
capacity. This investment will greatly support in localizing the EV manufacturing and help the
Company to accelerate and expand its BEV product portfolio in India. The Company is planning
to introduce its first BEV by 2025.
Taking a step towards a circular economy, with an aim to promote the recycling of commodities,
Maruti Suzuki and Toyota Tsusho Group’s vehicle scrapping and recycling unit commenced
operations.
To enhance customer convenience and satisfaction while buying a car, the Company introduced
Maruti Suzuki Smart Finance (MSSF) last year. This online, end to end, real time car financing
facility is now available across the Country with 16 financiers offering the car financing facility.
During the year, through MSSF, cumulative auto loans of INR. 175,000 million were disbursed
to over 313,000 customers.
On CSR, besides helping to quickly scale up the domestic manufacturing of PSA oxygen
generators. Along with its supplier partners the Company installed 25 PSA oxygen generator
plants at various government hospitals in the country as part of CSR, comprising 11 plants from
suppliers and 14 from the Company. Together with the help of its parent company Suzuki Motor
Corporation, the Company donated 1,004 oxygen cylinders to various government hospitals.
Coming to the business environment,
Just before the start of the FY ‘21-22, there was a sense of optimism driven by the good demand
recovery of passenger vehicles in Quarter 3 and 4 of the previous financial year. With subsiding
COVID-19 cases there was a general feeling that the pandemic is nearing an end and a phase of
good economic recovery is on the horizon. The business plans of the Company were also
oriented towards capturing the market opportunity to the fullest. Preparing the ground for
growth, the third manufacturing plant in Gujarat with the capacity of 250,000 units was
operationalized in April ‘21. However, the second wave of COVID-19 at the start of financial
year created a disruption in the first quarter and electronic component shortage for the rest of the
year. The Company could not produce an estimated 270,000 vehicles, mostly domestic models,
owing to electronic component shortage. As at the end of the year, the Company had pending
Page | 3
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 29 April 2022customer orders of about 268,000 vehicles for which it is making full efforts to fulfill at the
earliest.
During FY21-22, the Company’s sales volumes in the domestic passenger vehicle market grew
by 2.9%. Including the sales of light commercial vehicles, the overall sales in the domestic
market for the company grew by 3.2%. The shortage of electronic components largely affected
the production of vehicles sold in the domestic market and not as much the production of vehicles
for exports. As a result, the Company was able to fulfill the export orders and recorded the
highest ever vehicle exports of 238,376 units. The supply situation of electronic component
continues to be unpredictable; it might have some impact on the production volumes for
FY2022-23 as well.
On cost side challenges, the price of commodities such as steel, aluminium and precious metals
which was an unprecedented increase during the year. The Company was forced to increase
prices of vehicles to partially offset this impact. The Company continued to work on cost
reduction efforts to minimize the impact to customers.
Let me talk about the financial results,
The Company sold a total of 488,830 vehicles during the quarter, lower by a 0.7% compared to
same period previous year. The sales in the domestic market stood at 420,376 units, a decline of
8% over that in Q4 FY ‘21. The sales in the export market were at 68,454 units which is the
highest ever in any quarter.
During the quarter, the Company registered net sales of INR 255,140 million, an increase of
11.1% as compared to same period in the previous year.
With this, the operating profit for the quarter stood at INR 17,796 million, the growth of 42.4%
over that of Q4 FY‘21. Net profit for the quarter stood at INR 18,389 million, higher by 57.7%
compared to the same period last year.
The Company sold a total of 1,652,653 vehicles during the year, up 13.4% over the previous
year. The sales in the domestic market stood at 1,414,277 units, an increase of 3.9% over FY20-
21. The company recorded its highest ever exports of 238,376 units in FY21-22 compared to
96,139 units in FY20-21. This was also about 62% higher than the peak exports in any financial
year so far.
During the period, the Company registered net sales INR 837,981 million compared to INR
665,621 million in the previous financial year. Despite a 26% increase in net sales, the net profit
for the period declined by 11% over previous year to INR 37,663 million. Though the profit in
FY21-22 were lower, the Board of Directors recommended a dividend of INR 60 per share for
face value of INR 5 per share compared to INR 45 per share in last financial year. This is a
special one-time gesture to thank shareholders for their patronage and support as the Company
Page | 4
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 29 April 2022commemorates its 40th year since its inception. Thank you. We are ready to take your questions
suggestions.
