: The next question is from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal from HSBC.
Yogesh Aggarwal: Two quick questions, firstly for Ajay sir, I think there he talked about 50 billion CAPEX for
FY23 and I saw a free cashflow last year itself was pretty weak. I think it was a negative free
cash flow. So, anything around that, what led to this weakness in free cashflow and what you
think about FY23? And secondly wanted to ask on CNG. I remember a large share of the order
book was CNG last few quarters. What do you think of the supply just around CNG in terms of
the monthly run rate? How much can we achieve in the coming months?
Ajay Seth: CAPEX of INR 5,000 crores is something that we've committed for the next year and these are
on various projects including the new model launches etc. And besides this, the point that you
made on cash flows, there was no increase in cash flow but what I think what we need to look
at also is the impact that we had on our working capital last year because the activity was down
and therefore the negative working capital that we used to get squeezed last year because of that
and this year if the volumes go up then of course there will be release of working capital. To that
extent we will see the cash going up again. I think we will be able to manage the INR 5,000
crores through our internal generation during the year and we should not see any reduction in
terms of our overall cashflow numbers. These cash flows I'm talking about is for the year ‘22-
23; ‘21-22 you would have seen a dip because of the reasons I gave you but I'm now saying that
in ‘22-23 with incremental activity and the negative working capital cycle that we work with,
we should be able to add some more cash in the balance sheet.
Yogesh Aggarwal: Just to confirm this, 13 billion negative reval of debt mutual fund that doesn't hit P&L right,
going forward? That'll normalize with time?
Ajay Seth: Which one?
Yogesh Aggarwal: The negative valuation on debt mutual funds.
Ajay Seth: No so we have to do mark-to-market every quarter. So, whatever is the impact on account of
mark-to-market that's reflected in the P&L each quarter.
Page | 8
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 29 April 2022Rahul Bharti: CNG is almost about 40% of the backlog. So, the wait list is slightly higher and just because of
semiconductor chips. But we'll try to service these orders.
