: The next question is from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS.
Pramod Kumar: My first question pertains to the export demand. Because it's been a phenomenal growth, the rest
of the industry hasn't done that well in export this year. But just wanted to understand what’s the
outlook here, because you do talk about the order backlog number for the domestic market. If
you can help us understand a bit more about the export opportunity here and whether these
volumes and this kind of a growth is sustainable or not and what is the longer-term view you
have on the export opportunity as a percentage of your overall volume? If we can help us
understand that and also some bit of color on the end markets, what the kind of countries where
you're finding success and what more can be done with the new upcoming launch pipeline along
with Toyota, so if you can help us get more color on the export opportunity here?
Rahul Bharti: So, Pramod, export is a good opportunity and we started exports to Europe way back in 1988
and we've been working all through. Since the last 2 years we've also renewed our effort,
particularly in light of the government’s focus on this area. Primarily the measures that we took
that helped us become successful were more products, a big increase in network presence, the
reach out through the Toyota channels and use of lots of innovative domestic selling practices
through distributors in these countries. In terms of geographies, Africa turned out to be a #1
market, and the numbers have been going good. The positive part is that these levels are
sustainable. So of course, we have grown steeply, now we would like to consolidate a bit and
we will keep our position strong in exports in the future also.
Pramod Kumar: And this is on domestic side; we've been talking about getting back to the 50% market share as
early as possible but we’ve been lagging on the data for various other reasons including semis
but our competition has been navigating that probably better. Just wanted to understand are there
Page | 6
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 29 April 2022any timelines you have with the new launch pipeline coming in this year and next? How quickly
would you like to get back to the 50% volume share? Because the 50% volume share this time
around will also come with high revenue share given the way the industry has kind of
premiumize and your product mix portfolio which will premiumize. If you can help us
understand how quickly can we get back to that 50% mark?
Rahul Bharti: Of course, as a market leader our target will be to be at 50% market share or more. There are
number of factors responsible for this, one the semiconductor shortage, with the 3 lakh pending
orders if we service that then the numbers and market share would be much higher. Second, in
the non-SUV segment our market share is above 65%. It has gone up. In every segment other
than SUV's our market share has gone up. Whenever we launch SUVs, of course, the market
share has to improve. This year will be a good year in terms of launches but specific information
we would like you to wait and see the excitement for yourself.
Pramod Kumar: But Mr.Bharti, is it logical to expect that 2024 should be a year by when you should recoup most
of the market share losses at your end because the launches will be live. You would have already
spent on ramp up and all of that and semi situation is also normalized. So, is it optimistic to
expect that ‘2024 you should get back to that level?
Rahul Bharti: We can't give you a specific milestones or specific guidance. But you can be rest assured, we
are very enthusiastic here to get back market share.
Pramod Kumar: Last request, more than a question, to Ajay sir. If you can help us provide more color on
commodity because some of the other auto companies have been more kind of sharing more
color in terms of what the kind of expected cost inflation for 1Q what they're expecting because
we've seen commodity benefits in 4Q. A lot of this will reverse out, so if you can just help us
understand the near-term headwind in terms of what’s kind of improvement what you're seen
and what’s the kind of expected price cost inflation what will play out in the first quarter or so,
anything if you can provide there that would be very helpful.
Ajay Seth: With whatever discussions that we've been having with our supply chain colleagues. We
understand that the steel is almost 50% of all the commodity exposure that we have and steel is
firming up. The steel makers are asking for a big price increase, which is obviously under
negotiation at this point in time. We do expect that in the first quarter or in the first half, there
will be an increase as far as steel is concerned. Precious metals was a shade higher earlier, after
cooling down again they went up because of the war but they have now again cooled down. At
this point we don't see too much impact of precious metals. Because of some commodities which
are petrol-based where we see some increase there as well. So, it's a mixed bag where some
commodities are now kind of stable and some commodities, we see increase. Overall, I think the
commodity will go up. It's very difficult for me to give you a number at this point in time by
how much. But definitely there will be an increase in commodities in the first quarter.
Pramod Kumar: How much is the improvement in 4Q over 3Q because there will be a bit of improvement because
of the Gujarat ramp up itself? Your acquisition cost comes down as the volume ramp up but ex
Page | 7
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 29 April 2022of that pure commodity to commodity what are the kinds of changes in 4Q versus 3Q? Because
you used to kind of share that number earlier in terms of directionally as to what in the delta
from commodity.
Ajay Seth: The impact of ramping up capacities will really be on the operating leverage which you can see
in the results of that in the fourth quarter because you had a better operating leverage compared
to the earlier quarters. But in terms of commodities there has not been any reduction in the
Quarter 4 on account of commodities. Whatever commodity reductions happened which is very
small has been also offset because of other factors because we had to do some market purchase
of semi-conductors and things like that. So, there has not been any impact of commodities from
Quarter 3 to Quarter 4. It’s neither gone up, it’s neither gone down.
