: The next question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura.
Kapil Singh: I wanted to check regarding the demand outlook for next year. There has been an increase in oil
prices and some of the segments have shown slowdown in rural consumption as well. So, what
are you seeing in terms of current situation on incoming order inflow particularly on rural side
for FY23?
Rahul Bharti: Industry estimates of the passenger vehicle segment are between 34 to 35 lakhs, talking about
pure demand. But this is subject to supply side constraints. And so, we'll have to look forward.
Of course, we share a similar estimate of the industry.
Kapil Singh: The second question is on EVs. One thought is that EVs should start to become significant much
faster, for example market size of somewhere between 50,000 to 100,000 in the current financial
Page | 5
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 29 April 2022year itself and 100,000 plus in FY24 and perhaps markets would directly graduate to EVs instead
of hybrid. So just wanted your thoughts on this aspect.
Rahul Bharti: So, if EVs grow, it is good for all. It is good for us also. As we have already announced that we'll
be having a production plan in Gujarat, so we'll be there and we'll be there with localization.
Secondly it is not EV versus hybrid. It is EV and hybrid. There is a good synergy between them
and they both together help us achieve the aim. So, if penetration grows it is good for all.
Kapil Singh: Lastly could you share what is the average discount and the inventory level and also the spare
part sales?
Ajay Seth: Discounts were just about INR 11,130/veh, they were lower compared to last year same quarter
was INR 16,642/veh and in Quarter 3 they were at about INR 15,000/veh. They're much lower
than the average discounts that we have been incurring in the previous year four quarters. I don't
have the spare parts separate number with me now, we will get back to you.
Kapil Singh: And inventories?
Ajay Seth: The network stock was at about 40,000 cars as of end of Quarter 4, as of beginning of April.
