: The next question is from the line of Pramod Amthe from InCred Capital.
Pramod Amthe: First question is with regard to your standing on CAFE for FY22? What's the number you are
able to achieve on CO2 and if you can give us some color in terms of how does CNG helps you
versus gasoline or the other mode of fuels to reach this goal?
Rahul Bharti: It was not very clear but if I got you right, so Maruti is best positioned among all car
manufacturers on CO2 as measured by the CAFE norm. We have the least CO2, the weighted
Page | 10
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 29 April 2022average number for our entire fleet and we hope to keep our leadership there. On your question
on CNG, it helps us give about a 20% to 25% benefit in CO2 with respect to gasoline.
Pramod Amthe: Would you like to disclose where your CO2 stands for FY22 and is it substantially below norms?
Rahul Bharti: These figures come into the public on the government website, MoRTH website. But the last
figure we had was about 113 gms/km, weighted average. I'd like to qualify, we have to keep in
mind that after BS-VI, the measurement of CO2 has become more stringent. So, the CO2
numbers with the BS-VI methodology and the BS-IV methodology are not comparable.
Pramod Amthe: You are saying it will go up just because of BS-VI and then with your efforts it has come down?
Rahul Bharti: Yes. BS-VI makes it more stringent to achieve CO2 reduction. The same model if tested on BS-
VI methodology will show higher CO2.
Pramod Amthe: Second is with regard to the CAPEX side. You have already done this year FY22 a big number
I think it's because of the new land acquisition and you are guiding again a lumpy number. Would
you also give in terms of where this is going to be spent and incrementally where is it going into,
if we have to look at the 2 years back and where are you spending and directionally where it will
take you? Second related to the same is, you have one under the component PLI. What is your
effort there, what is the CAPEX commitment towards the same and how it will strengthen Maruti
over next 3 to 4 years?
Rahul Bharti: So, I'll take the PLI question first. We had applied along with our contract manufacturer / sister
company SMG in the auto scheme and we had applied in the auto components scheme also. So,
EV scheme and the components scheme both have been approved. So, the Government has a
threshold of investment for every year. We will be meeting that requirement. In fact, if we go
by the recent announcement, SMG total investment will be about 10,000 crores on the EV and
its battery. So, we will be going ahead with.
Pramod Amthe: And specific to the component because that will flow through the Maruti, right balance sheet?
Where we need to be focused on? Which areas you have planned to focus?
Rahul Bharti: The components scheme will be on Maruti balance sheet. The EV, PLI is on SMG balance sheet.
Pramod Amthe: You are only unique in terms of doing the component spend right compared to other car makers
or auto makers. So hence wanted to know where is that effort going to be and how your
localization can change or the cost of producing them can drastically change over 3-4 years? If
you can give some color?
Rahul Bharti: Other manufactures have also applied for components also. There's a long list of components
where you can, it's called AAT, Advanced Automotive Technology. So, we can club more
technologies so we had applied for CNG.
Page | 11
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 29 April 2022