
Thank you. The next question is from PP Thimmaya from YourStory.
PP Thimmaya
Hi. Just have two questions. One is the kind of negative growth you saw in this Q4. I understand
the SVB crisis, the banking crisis, the Credit Suisse, and UBS crisis, but was it expected? I
mean such kind of deep cuts for Infosys as such from a revenue perspective?
And secondly, the kind of revenue outlook you have given for the current financial year. Is this
a long-term trend you are going to see that the overall growth rate is going to be under single
digit -- maybe high single-digit or below 10% kind of thing?
Page 13 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
Salil Parekh
So, first, every quarter, we look at where our large deals, overall wins plus the current work is.
And we build in a bottom-up way, what our estimate is and what our forecast is for the period
ahead for the financial year. And that's the guidance update or change that we gain, and we
have given that consistently over the last several years. We saw a different kind of volume
when we were at the end of last quarter. And then things changed during the quarter, which is
what we shared with the projects ramping down.
Now looking ahead, first, if you look at, let's just say, the last couple of years, we had 19.7%
growth the year before, and 15.4% this past year. So, we know that it depends on where the
economic environment is and how we see that. We think our business has two growth drivers.
When there is a huge change going on within our client organizations and they are putting in
large investments there.
There is digital transformation, and we have deep capability in that. That comprises the cloud.
We have a very strong capability on Cobalt. And then, when there are different areas where the
client wants to focus on efficiency, costs, and even consolidation. We have a very strong
capability in automation, our own AI that we have used for that in the past. So, we feel
comfortable on both of those dimensions depending on how the economic environment is.
