
Thank you. The next question is from Haripriya Sureban from The Hindu BusinessLine.
Haripriya Sureban
Hi guys. Salil, you mentioned about slowdown. I just wanted to understand, is it more
sentimental, or is it structural? Why are these deals getting delayed? And on the ChatGPT part
that you mentioned, are there any specific use cases that you guys are working on? And we
keep hearing that ChatGPT could make a job redundant or something like that. So would roles
change, and would the nature of jobs change? And are you internally training employees for
these technologies?
Salil Parekh
The first part was?
Haripriya Sureban
Is it sentimental, around what you are seeing and the client behavior that you are seeing, is it
sentimental because everybody is scared or is it structural?
Salil Parekh
Page 12 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
So there, what we are seeing is some clients have made a decision to slow down or ramp-down
projects. We see that across the different industries that I mentioned, Telecom, Hitech, Retail,
and parts of Financial Services. So, I don't know whether it's sentimental or structural, but we
have seen that as the way the clients have interacted with us. As we were sharing, we saw some
stabilization in March, but the environment is uncertain, so we will see how it plays out.
On Generative AI, we are working with multiple platforms. We are working with open-source
platforms, and we are working with proprietary platforms. We have active client projects today.
The projects that we are working on are focused on large models within the client organization
for different areas. And how Generative AI can take advantage of those large models and create
something more efficient for the client.
And then, we are working on our own software development tool, on an open-source
Generative AI platform. We are actually working with two of them. And we are building, we
are training it on our software development libraries. We have already done that with several
of our internal software library elements. And we feel quite good that these things are going to
help us with client work, so more work and also with productivity.
So, it's really incredible how we think our organization has moved quickly into driving
Generative AI within our business. And it’s now part of all the new training as well because
once you have it for your own software library, you can really deploy it very effectively.
