
Thank you. We'll take a next question from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak
Mahindra Asset Management. Please go ahead.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Hi good evening, thanks for the opportunity. A couple of clarifications. Due to
unplanned ramp-downs and cancellations, you said we have seen a sharp 3.2% fall in
the revenue. However, margins fell just 50 basis points. And even based on the
positioning of margins you gave, utilization and cancellation led impact isn't so much
in proportion to 3.2% fall in revenue.
Logically, this decline of this magnitude should have entailed a much bigger margin
impact, given the cost recalibration is difficult in the near term. So just curious, is there
any sizable pass-through element which would have gotten rolled off, which would
have also led to the revenue decline? Or is there any deferred cost component, which
will come and hit us in the subsequent quarters?
Nilanjan Roy
As we went through the margin walk earlier, if you go back to our script, we have
explained the four key elements. I think they are quite clear of how the margin has
moved from 21.5% to 21%.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Sure. And the second part, the reason why I'm also asking about this pass-through
component is the SVB scare and the sentiment overhang sort of unfolded from 10th
March, post which there were 12 to 15 working days. And the revenue was almost 3.5%
to 4% short of guidance or expectations, which means there is a $180 mn revenue
swing. It looks quite a bit for 12 to 15 working days of invoicing, so again to put itconversely, is there a deferred revenue component, which can come in the subsequent
quarters since you also mentioned somewhere about the provision reversal or one off?
Nilanjan Roy
No, I am not clear on your question really.
Sudheer Guntupalli
No. What I was asking was in general, the macro sentiment overhang unfolded in the
last quarter?
Nilanjan Roy
No, I think if you say that whether all the shortfall of 3.5% has happened in the last,
like month or something like that?
Sudheer Guntupalli
Yes. So, you are saying the 3.5% shortfall is evenly spread from the beginning of the
quarter itself and not necessarily SVB etc.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, of course the onetime is a different issue, but the majority of the drop in revenue
is because of volume. And like Salil said, this was pretty much after 15th and we have
actually seen March stabilizing. So it was in the initial half of the quarter.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Thanks.
