
Thank you. The next question is from Shilpa Phadnis from The Times of India.
Shilpa Phadnis
I just wanted to understand from you, if you look at the guidance for the next year, it looks
really understated. And way back in 2016 is when you had the low single-digit guidance that
was re-revised downwards. I just wanted to understand from you, where are the headwinds
Page 6 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
coming from? Is it largely in BFSI, last quarter also, you called out some account headwinds.
Can you please take us through that?
Second, you said onetime impact. So, is it largely related to ramp-down or any other client-
related issues? Can you please help us with that?
Salil Parekh
So, on the first, I'll address it, Nilanjan will come back on the second one. We saw during the
quarter certain clients where we saw these ramp-downs, which were not planned. And they
were across the Telco sector, Retail, Hitech and Financial Services, parts of which mainly
focused on Mortgages, Asset Management, and Investment Banking. So it was across those
industries that we saw some of the constraints that came up.
Nilanjan Roy
On the revenues onetime, so most of the decline in revenue actually was from volume and the
impact of revenue onetime is a combination of cancellations actually, exactly what you said.
So, the combination of cancellations and also some specific client issues. So, it's a combination
of that, but most of the decline actually has been from volume.
Shilpa Phadnis
I had one last question. With the two presidents leaving the organization, do you see some sort
of a restructuring that you are going to announce, you're going to break up some of the verticals
which are anyway monolithic and you going to break it down into smaller business units, is
that plan underway? And you ventured into the delayering exercise- top delayering, so I just
wanted to understand from you that you have not called out replacements for the two presidents.
Is Infosys breaking away from the past in terms of doing away with the president structure?
Salil Parekh
So, we have announced and rolled out internally a structure, which is focused on delivery with
the exit when Ravi left. We are in position to now roll out the structure that would be for
Financial Services as we move ahead. What we see is within Infosys, we have a strong
Page 7 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
leadership team. And so, we are fortunate that the leaders are coming from inside and then we
see more and more at the next level. There is no delayering plan within Infosys at all.
Our organization structure really is something we are building, which is agile and also quite
solid to deliver our consistent trajectory that we have been driving through. We have, as you
know, growth drivers on digital and growth drivers on cost and automation. And so those are
the ones that we'll continue to drive. And we have probably the best delivery organization in
the industry. So, we want to continue to enhance that with the team we have.
Shilpa Phadnis
So, the current responsibilities will be split between other leaders in the organization?
Salil Parekh
Sorry?
Shilpa Phadnis
The current responsibilities of BFSI?
Salil Parekh
The leaders within the company will step up and also in delivery it is done. The next one will
be done in the next few weeks.
