
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from BMO Capital.
Keith BachmanYes. I had two questions also. Could you talk about what the growth rate of the backlog
in the pipeline was during the March quarter and how that differed during the December
quarter? I'm just trying to understand the magnitude you called out volume was the
major driver. But how did it impact the overall backdrop? And within that context,
could you give us a sense of you called out there are several onetime events for
customers. Could you give a quantification about what that was in the quarter?
Nilanjan Roy
We don't quantify that. But like I said, the majority has been because of volumes and
the balance has been because of the one-timer across clients, some of them related to
cancellation and other provisions.
Keith Bachman
Okay but you don't want to give a characterization of what those cancellations were a
quantification of it?
Nilanjan Roy
No, I don't think anything else we have to add on this, Keith.
Keith Bachman
My second question then relates to pricing. And the previous question, I think, was
trying to get at this. I'm not sure I understood the answer. But if you think about the
guidance that you provided- on the one side, perhaps I would think that you give COLA
benefits associated with your contracts, but a lot of your customers, frankly, are
experiencing the same economic weakness you are and therefore, could negotiate can
tougher pricing as we look out over the next 12 months. In other words, what price
reductions because they're experiencing economic pain as well. So maybe just talk how
are you thinking about like-for-like pricing as you look out over the next 12 months in
terms of the forecast that you provided
Nilanjan Roy
If you see pricing in generic, and I won't say how much of the pricing element has been
built in. So, this is a program we started about a year and half back. And it is a
combination of two or three things. One is the renewal discounts, which clients come
back when programs are ending. And basically, after productivity increases at therenewal stage, which we are just loosely calling discounts. That is something which we
have really curved over the last few years, basically pushing back on the renewal
because there are other ways we can get productivity as well. So that is something which
has actually stemmed quite a lot. In fact, clients understand that we have to also provide
for our own talent and in this hot talent market to compensate their teams. So that is
something which we have learned appreciate as well. So that is one part of it.
Second, is the program, which we run on digital pricing where we're going after new
digital deals and this is a combination of how we have changed our pricing model into
linking it, for instance, the new early acquired subsidiaries which have higher pricing,
it could be more broad-based pricing, outcome-based pricing. There are new
innovative pricing construct, so that is second.
Third is simple hygiene work of having COLA clauses into our MSAs. And of course,
how much you can execute and implement is a different question, but at least with
that and deals going in, at least you have a starting point to negotiate with the client as
well.
So it is all three we look at in terms of existing deals, new deals and renewals and of
course, you have clients where we are able to push this through great levels, some
clients ask for that to be ploughed back into the employee sets. Some clients, it
depends on markets, of course, who are going through their own sort of concerns on
their environment, it may be more difficult. And therefore, it is literally horses for
courses in which we go literally client by client to see where we can get an
improvement in the underlying RPP realization.
Keith Bachman
And so, what is the underlying assumption associated with the guidance for FY '24?
And how is that different on what you've experienced
Nilanjan Roy
We don't break down our guidance into volume and price, if you want to call it that
way, it is contracted into the overall guidance.
Keith BachmanYes, more just directional. Is it the same, better or worse, just kind of directional
barometer?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes. We would expect pricing to improve, right? Now I can't give you a sense of
versus last year, how much will this improve, but yes, we have pricing improvements
built into our overall plan.
Keith Bachman
Okay fair enough many thanks.
