
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley.
Please go ahead.
Gaurav Rateria
Hi, thanks for taking my question. So first is conversion of the order book to revenue.
If I look at your fiscal '23, you entered the year with a net new deal win of roughly $3.8
bn, which generated incremental revenues of $1.9 bn. You are entering fiscal '24 with
a net new deal wins of $3.9 bn, which is pretty similar to last year, but the guidance
implies incremental revenues of $1 bn at the midpoint. Just trying to understand that
what has changed that is driving significant downtick in the incremental revenue with
a very similar net new deal wins in your book.
Nilanjan RoySo, I think part of it is the net new wins and the phasing of that, right? And I think in
FY '22, you would have seen them more throughout the year. And if you are seeing in
FY '23, I think the last quarter, for instance somebody has also mentioned has been a
weaker quarter because there is usually a four to six-month gap between that deal win
right before it comes into revenue. So I think partly is the phasing, but the underlying
is I think we have had strong deal wins on both sides and a percentage of net new. I
think part of the answer is the way the net new has phased in during the year.
Gaurav Rateria
So, it is to do with the ACV growth being weaker than the TCV growth. Is that like a
fair understanding?
Nilanjan Roy
Could be, could not be, also a timing of it, right? So I'm just saying that in the net new,
like, for instance, in quarter 4, is about 21%. So that will reflect in FY '24 going forward
initially. And then, of course, as new deals ramp up, that is a separate volume impact.
But the phasing of the wins within that is also to be seen, where the net new has come.
Gaurav Rateria
All right. The second question is around the comment that you made around the
stabilization that you have seen in March. So, is it fair to say that your guidance is
assuming things are likely to improve sequentially from here on? And this is the worst?
Or it is difficult to say that the worse is behind us?
Salil Parekh
At this stage we are not seeing any of those things. What we are saying is we saw some
stabilization, but the environment is uncertain. So, we are watchful and agile. And one
of the reasons we have expanded the growth guidance band to three percentage points
is to take that into account.
Gaurav Rateria
Got it. Last question from me on the margins. So how much of the margin downtick is
primarily a cost-led issue, which will rectify over a period of time? And how much it is
kind of flexibility you have given to yourself to go after the deals, which may have a
fundamental different contract profitability?Nilanjan Roy
Like I said we explained how we have done the margin guidance. We ended at 21%.
That is the midpoint of 20% to 22%. We have some headwinds. We have some
tailwinds. And this margin allows us that flexibility as well. Of course, we continue to
aspire to improve that.
