
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from JPMorgan. Please
go ahead.
Ankur Rudra
Hello, Thank you. The first question is on, I just wanted to get a bit more color, if you
can, on the reasons for the very sharpness on revenues and margins versus the guidance.
Why did it surprise you? And how much of the demand environment has existed
through the quarter or versus what probably came in the last 30 days? That is the first
one.
Salil Parekh
So, what we saw there was during the quarter, as the quarter progressed, we saw some
clients ramped downs on programs. And this was across different sectors- Telecom,
Retail, Hi-Tech and parts of Financial Services- mortgages, investment banking, asset
management. And that was something which were unplanned as we went through. And
then additionally, we had some one-time impact, which we saw in the quarter as well.
Ankur Rudra
Would you be able to elaborate on the one-time impact, Salil?
Nilanjan RoyYes, so I think firstly, the majority of the decline is volume-led. The balance of the
revenue is one-timers which is a combination of specific client issues including the
impact of cancellations as well, which is just a top line impact, more and more over and
above the volume impact. So that is the state of play, really for the quarter.
Ankur Rudra
Okay thank you. On the guidance, I just wanted to get a sense, looking at what happened
in the quarter and the uncertainty in the environment, are you turning more conservative
for the guidance setting process for FY24 both on the revenues and the margins versus
what you may have done before? And also along with that, if you can share what is the
visibility that you have at the moment for the full year versus what you may have had
at the beginning of last year?
Salil Parekh
So there on the guidance, we took into account what we see typically as we close the
year in March on what we have had in new large deals and overall new deals. And the
ongoing work that we have across our client base. And that basically becomes the
foundation of our guidance. Typically, again, as you know well, we don't have a
detailed view of Q3 and Q4. So, we have more typically estimates from other years that
we use. And that is the same approach we have used this year from what we see as we
look out. And the same on margin we finished the year at 21%.Utilization in Q4 is low
compared to what we want to target. We have a very strong efficiency and cost program
but within that program we are very clear that from an employee perspective we will
continue with our commitment with employees. And so, the utilization will go up
through the quarters but in the medium term, we will get that impact back into the
margin and that is how we build the ‘20 to ‘22 margin guidance.
Ankur Rudra
Understood. Just a last question on the leadership, I think this was attempted before,
clearly there has been departures as you know/ acknowledge. And some of them have
gone to competition, probably will drive hungrier peers going forward. Do you think
you are losing muscle and increasing the roles and responsibilities at a more
concentrated leadership team? At least I've seen this from the outside, at a time when
the industry is facing a tougher period this year?Salil Parekh
Sorry Ankur, I didn't follow you. You said, will we have concentrated leadership or?
Ankur Rudra
Yes, the concentrated leadership and basically more roles and responsibilities. As an
example, on your door or Nilanjan's door versus having three other very senior leaders
helping you with a wider leadership team.
Salil Parekh
Okay. What we have seen and what we know is within the company, there is a very
strong set of leaders across different roles. On delivery, many of them have now stepped
up. And clearly any role as you start to step up to delivery and leadership within a large
company like Infosys becomes more concentrated. And that has been announced and
rolled out and the same will happen with FS where we are rolling that out in the coming
weeks. FS segment of course, is a large segment for us. So those will be concentrated
in that sense. So we will have a leadership structure with a very strong responsibility
for several of the senior leaders.
Ankur Rudra
Understood. Thank you and best of luck.
