
Thank you, Salil. We will now open the floor for questions. Joining Salil is Mr. Nilanjan Roy,
Chief Financial Officer, Infosys.
With that, our first question is from Ritu Singh from CNBCTV18.
Ritu Singh
Hi Salil, Hi Nilanjan. Your constant currency revenue decline for the quarter is far worse than
what the street was expecting. And then that sort of explains why your full year revenue growth
guidance is missed, what you guided at 16% - 16.5%. I just wanted to understand where are
you seeing softness? I remember reading your comments that your exposure to US banks isn't
that large. What are the verticals that are seeing softness? And also on your margin guidance,
which now for FY’24, you’ve brought to about 20% to 22%. Again, last year, we thought it
was an aberration because of higher wage bills, and the expectation was that it would be
brought back to 21% to 23%, which is not the case. Could you tell us a bit more about why
this?
And a second question on attrition as well, which has been coming down. If you expect that
trend to continue in your hiring plans for the year, please? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Page 4 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
Let me start off with the market. Nilanjan will share a little bit about the margin and the other
points we will come back to as well.
On what we saw in Q4, during the quarter, we saw some ramp-downs which were unplanned,
and these were across different sectors. We saw some in Telco. We saw some in Hitech, some
in Retail and within Financial Services, it was on mortgages that we have talked about in the
past, in Asset Management and Investment Banking. So those were the areas in which we saw
things which were unplanned. In addition to that, we saw some onetime impact in the quarter.
Now in terms of the margin, go ahead please.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, I'll take that. So, we have ended the year, as you know, at 21%, and this has been pretty
stable as the year has gone by. So, 21% was the full year margin as the exit margin as well.
And in a way, it's a midpoint between 20% and 22%. It gives us the flexibility in this year as
well. So, we will have some headwinds which we will see with compensation, we will have
some travel coming back. But we know with things like utilization, more automation, etc., we
also have a runway to increase the margins. But this gives us the necessary flexibility into next
year.
Ritu Singh
With Infosys, like even with your revenue guidance last year, you started with something, and
you kept increasing it every quarter. Should we expect some sort of upside risk to these
guidance figures you have given us for this year as well for FY’24?
Salil Parekh
So, the guidance we have given is based on what we see from the deals we won $9.8 bn in the
year, plus what we see with a steady business and the outlook we have in the demand
environment today. So that is the way we build our guidance. That is the way we look at it. We
don't have a view on what will change as the year progresses.
Nilanjan Roy
Page 5 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
Sorry, what was the question again?
Ritu Singh
It was on attrition and hiring.
Salil Parekh
Attrition and hiring.
Nilanjan Roy
For next year?
Ritu Singh
Yes, for FY’24.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, FY’24. So, looking at the volumes, one is, we have a lot of bench with us. In fact, over a
long period of time, we have kept this bench. They are ready to move into production projects.
But of course, they will take time as volumes come in their own pace. And of course, we have
an agile model of hiring off campus as well. So as demand picks up, we have that flexibility as
well. So, I think our model in terms of hiring has got enough flexibility to take care of new
volumes. In any case, we have a rich bench, 80% utilization is what we have, and usually, we
have operated well above that.
