
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Infosys Limited Earnings
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.
After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a
question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your
question, please press star then two. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you,
sir.
Sandeep Mahindroo
Thanks Inba. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Infosys financial results for Q4 and FY
‘23. Joining us here on this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh, CFO, Mr. Nilanjan
Roy, and other members of the senior management team. We will start the call with
some remarks on the performance of the company for the recently concluded quarter
end year by Salil and Nilanjan, subsequent to which the call will be opened up for
questions.
Please note that anything we say that refers to our outlook for the future is a forward-
looking statement that must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company
faces. A full statement explanation of these risks is available in our filing with the SEC,
which can be found on www.sec.gov.
I would now like to pass it on to Salil.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Sandeep. Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call and thank
you for joining us.
For the full financial year 2023, we had a good performance with growth of 15.4% in
constant currency. Our digital business grew 25.6%, now being 62.9% of our overall
revenue and our core services grew as well at 1.9%.We saw broad based growth across our business segments, with most in double digits.
We had 26% growth in Europe and 12% in the US.
We had 95 large deals with a value of $9.8 bn for the year, with 40% net new. Our
operating margin for the full year was at 21%. We generated free cash flow of $2.5 bn
in the year. Our attrition has continued to decline in each of the quarters through the
year.
We are leveraging generative AI capabilities for our clients and within the company.
We have active projects with clients working with generative AI platforms to address
specific areas within their business. We have trained opensource generative AI
platforms on our internal software development library. We anticipate generative AI to
provide more opportunities for work with our clients and to enable us to improve our
productivity.
In Q4, we saw changes in the market environment. During the quarter, we saw
unplanned project ramp downs in some of our clients and delays in decision making,
which resulted in lower volumes. In addition, we had some one-time revenue impacts.
While we saw some signs of stabilization in March, the environment remained
uncertain. This led to a Q4 year-on-year growth of 8.8% in constant currency and
quarter-on-quarter decline of 3.2%.
Our operating margin was at 21% for the quarter and we had $2.1 bn in large deals in
the quarter. We generated $713 mn of free cash flow in the quarter.
Our pipeline of large deals is extremely strong. Several of these are mega deals and
several of these opportunities are for cost and efficiency programs and for consolidation
projects.
Some industries such as financial services (in Mortgages, Asset Management,
Investment Banking), Telecom, Hi-Tech and Retail are more impacted, leading to
uncertainty in spend and delays in decision making. The US geography is more
impacted than Europe.
Keeping in mind the current environment, we have further expanded our internal
efficiency and cost program to work on our pyramid, onsite ratio, automation, travel,subcontractor cost, office consolidation and on pricing. We anticipate this program will
build a path to higher margins in the medium term.
We are committed to investing in our people in this period. We are committed to
working with our clients as we deal with changes in the economic environment.
Based on our sustained momentum in financial year ‘23, a strong pipeline of
opportunities, especially focused on cost, efficiency and consolidation, while also
keeping in mind the uncertain environment, our revenue growth guidance for this
financial year is 4% to 7% in constant currency. Operating margin guidance for this
financial year is 20% to 22%. Thank you.
With that, let me hand it over to Nilanjan.
Nilanjan Roy
Thanks, Salil. Good evening, everyone. And thank you for joining this call.
FY ‘23 was a year of two halves, mirroring broader macroeconomic conditions. Growth
was extremely strong in H1 with 20%, year-on-year constant currency which reduced
to 11.2% in H2 due to the slowdown in verticals like telecom, high-tech, retail, and
parts of financial services. Q4 came in slower than expected due to some specific client
ramp-downs in discretionary spend and delayed client decision-making on new deals.
In addition, we had some one-off revenue impacts, including project cancellations, etc.
Despite the above, we closed FY ‘23 with a strong 15.4% growth in constant currency,
leading to continued market share gains.
Operating margins for Q4 and FY ‘23 were at 21% in line with our guidance. Free cash
conversion to net profit for FY ‘23 was near 85%. FY ’23 EPS grew by 1.3% in dollar
and 9.7% in rupee terms.
Client metrics were strong with the number of $50 mn clients increasing to 75, $100
mn client counts increasing to 40, and $200 mn client counts increasing to 15.
LTM voluntary attrition declined to 20.9%. Quarterly annualized attrition reduced by
over 4% sequentially and is the lowest in the last nine quarters. This is also well below
pre-pandemic levels.Coming to Q4 performance, revenues grew by 8.8% year-on-year and declined by 3.2%
sequentially in constant currency terms due to the reasons mentioned earlier.
Utilization declined to 80% on the back of softness in demand. We expect the utilization
to improve gradually in the coming quarters as freshers starts getting deployed.
We will calibrate the hiring for FY’24 based on available pool of employees, growth
expectations and attrition trends.
Q4 margins were at 21%, which is a decline of 50 basis points sequentially. Major
components of sequential margin movements are
- tailwinds of 50 basis points on cost optimization, including reduction in sub-
con.
- 60 basis points benefit from reduction in PSCS, which is post sale customer
support.
Offset by a headwind of about
- 70 basis points from a drop in utilization and
- the balance 90 basis points with a combination of revenue one-timers as
mentioned above, partly offset by other savings.
Q4 EPS grew by 0.2% in dollar terms and 9% in rupee terms on a year-on-year basis.
Our balance sheets remained strong and debt-free.
Consolidated cash and equivalents stood at $3.8 bn at the end of the quarter. Free cash
flow for the quarter was robust at $713 mn with a conversion of 95% to net profit.
Yield on cash balance was 6.66% in Q4.
The board has recommended a final dividend of ₹17.50 per share, which will result in
a total dividend of ₹34 per share for FY ‘23 versus ₹31 per share for FY ‘22, an increase
of 9.7% per share for the year. Including the final dividend and recently concluded
buyback, we have returned 86% of FCF to shareholders over the last four years under
our current capital allocation policy.
In Q4, we completed the open market share buyback of ₹9,300 crores, buying back
1.44% of shares at an average buyback price of ₹1539 versus a maximum buyback price
of ₹1850.ROE increased to 31.2% in FY ‘23 from 29.1% in FY ’22 as a result of higher payout
to investors.
Coming to segment performance,
Large deal momentum continued, and we signed 17 large deals in Q4. TCV was $2.1
bn with 21% net new. Five large deals were in manufacturing, four in FS, three in CRL,
two each in Life Sciences and Hi-Tech, and one in EURS.
Region-wise, this was split by ten in America and seven in Europe.
In FY ‘24, we signed 95 large deals with TCV of $9.8 bn with 40% net new.
Coming to vertical segment performance,
Financial services vertical was impacted by budgeting delays at the start of the year led
by macroeconomic uncertainty coupled with softness in mortgages, asset management
and investment banking. However, our strong pipeline and large deal-wins in areas like
infra, production support, cybersecurity and business operations is helping in better
visibility for FY ‘24. We have a very diverse portfolio of clients in the US and hence,
exposure to multiple regional banks is less than 2% of our overall revenues. We do not
anticipate any material impact on our operations as a result of recent news and regional
banking segment.
In Retail, there is heightened focus on accelerating digital transformation to enable top
line growth with rigor in ensuring budgets get spent on right programs to maximize
ROI. While there is some pressure on discretionary tech spending, companies are
prioritizing investments in key areas such as e-commerce platforms, supply chain
management systems and customer engagement tools.
Manufacturing segment continues to see ramp-up of large deal wins and benefits of
vendor consolidation. There is increased focus on digital spend, including opportunities
on ER&D, 5G and industrial IoT. Increased energy prices and interest rates coupled
with continuous supply chain disruptions is impacting spend on the run side of the
business, especially in Europe.
Communications segment is witnessing increased opex pressures, cost cutting ramp-
downs and delayed decision-making. Demand for ideas and solutions are moving from
cost takeout to revenue growth side with heavy focus on customer success. Cloud andmobility remain top driver for 5G adoption. Overall pipeline remains strong, which
gives us the confidence of growth opportunities in the coming quarters.
The positive momentum in energy utilities resources and services for FY '23 was
supported by large deal wins. Our renewed strategy to re-pivot our offerings and
developing integrated Energy as a Service solution and the focus on the journey to net-
zero initiative has positioned us well ahead of competition. While we are seeing delays
in kicking off discretionary spend projects, the cost takeout and vendor consolidation
initiatives continue to pick momentum.
We expect our revenues to grow by 4% to 7% in constant currency terms in FY '24.
Our pipeline of large deals remains extremely strong with increased focus on cost
takeout programs. Operating margin guidance stands at 20% to 22%. The margin
guidance factors in growth assumptions for FY '24, impact of utilization, employee cost
increases, further normalization of costs like travel, facilities, etc. We continue to focus
on various cost optimization and efficiency improvement measures.
As we look beyond FY '24, we believe we have various levers to generate more
efficiencies like improving utilization, reducing subcons, improving pyramid apart
from growth acceleration and potential pricing increases, which will enable us to aspire
for higher margins over time.
With that, we can open up the call for questions.
