:
The next question is from the line of Nilanjan Karfa from Nomura. Please go ahead
Nilanjan Karfa:
Anindya, just going back to the yield question, will you have some walk in terms of the
incremental loans that we do at a higher rate because the yields have declined on a
sequential basis, even after including the reasons that you gave. If you can just help us
walk through that decline.
Anindya Banerjee:
No, I think we already explained it that lending rates have been pretty competitive across
segments over the last few quarters. That will now start reversing out as the benchmarks
pick up. Further, there would have been some mathematical impact of the day count,
which has been seen in the past as well. Beyond that, really, there is no other factor.
Nilanjan Karfa:
Okay. So, if the reasons continue like this, do you think when the back book reprices along
with the reset debt, do you expect the reset to also be slightly muted?
Anindya Banerjee:
No. The reset will be to the extent that the benchmark changes. So, it will entirely reflect
the change in the benchmark. There is no change in the spread.
Nilanjan Karfa:
Page 13 of 23The second one I wanted to ask is on the SME portfolio. Even though there is a sequential
decline, I think the growth is quite robust. Could you help understand which are the
segments where you are seeing a lot of demand? Secondly, across both SME and
corporate loans, could you share what percentage is the working capital loan and how this
has changed through this quarter because the commodity prices have also been quite
volatile?
Anindya Banerjee:
If you look at our portfolio, we have been quite consistently growing the SME portfolio for
the last 4 years or so. We had made a lot of changes in the way we approach this category
of customers over the last 5 years in terms of distribution, our credit underwriting, our
portfolio granularity and so on. This is probably one of the portfolios where the credit
outcome so far post COVID has been somewhat better than what we may have originally
anticipated. So, we are quite comfortable with growth in this portfolio. One of the other
things that we have done over the last 3 years is invested heavily in digital propositions
for this segment of customers. We have also seen a fairly high increase in digital adoption
in this segment. Those are the areas that have driven this growth. It is a mix of working
capital and sort of term loans. I don't think that there is anything specific to call out in terms
of increase in working capital requirement in this quarter as such because the growth rates
have been quite in line with what we have seen in the past adjusted for the period of
dislocation during the pandemic.
Nilanjan Karfa:
Let me squeeze in a third one. If we look at the segmental disclosure, and while we
obviously don't talk about how the equities are split between these businesses, but
generally speaking, if you look at the profitability of each of the segments, which is the
segment that you are seeing the profitability sort of jump quite a bit? Would you say that,
for example, the corporate or the wholesale segment is actually doing a little better than
retail? And do you think that's going to persist through the next couple of quarters?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, I don't think so. If you look at the improvement in profitability for what is reported in
the corporate segment, I think part of that is due to actually a write-back of provisions as
Page 14 of 23we continue to get recoveries out of past NPLs in that portfolio. On the retail side, of
course, if you look at it on a year-on-year basis, there is a sort of multiple jump in the profit.
For the sequential decline, I think 75%-80% of our cost base sits in retail. So, the sequential
increase in costs that we discussed earlier in response to another question would largely
reflect in retail. Also, as we mentioned in the first quarter, we do see the seasonally higher
addition to NPLs in the KCC portfolio, which was Rs. 7.55 billion in this quarter, and the
provisioning on that would also form part of the segmental result. But I don't think in terms
of long-term profitability trend, there is anything to call out. The last thing I would like to
say is that we are increasingly trying to organize ourselves around ecosystems. So, there
is a lot of sort of how should I say it, for the regulatory requirements we would be reporting
a segmental basis, but the way we are organized internally is much more around cross-
functional teams and looking at particular customer ecosystems where these distinctions
are quite blurred in that sense.
