:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suresh from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Suresh:
I had a question for both Anup and Vishakha. More of a qualitative aspect because the
retail loan growth is about 20% y-o-y, almost double that of the system. The overall
domestic loan book is 18% y-o-y, three times the growth of the system. You have done
this at a time which has been exceptionally tough for everyone. So, the worry a lot of
people have is ICICI Bank back to its old days of very high growth, especially coming in
a pandemic year. Can you give a qualitative assessment both in the retail as well as the
corporate book that you are very confident that this is no adverse selection of assets and
Page 17 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
you're very confident that these are genuine assets taken on board? Is it a market share
gain purely, any color on that would be appreciated?
Anup Bagchi:
Suresh, let me go first. Two or three things, one is that our retail asset has been
consistently growing. It is not just this year, actually, if you go back a few quarters before
that, it has been quite solid, this year also it has been quite solid. I feel that there are a
couple of reasons for that; one is that during pandemic, I must say that because of our
work on the digital side, we were able to capture opportunities perhaps faster than most
others. Particularly if you see on the non-mortgage business, over the last one to one
and a half years and ICICI STACK, etc., we have worked very, very hard on making sure
that the credit delivery is as seamless as possible, as fast as possible and we have worked
hard on the underwriting abilities on the digital footprint so that we make sure that most
of the things are pre-approved, and we have tightened the whole process of credit
delivery, so that we are able to do the credit delivery faster, better and to good profile
customers. So, I would say that market share gain essentially has come on back of that
and the book has gone through the stress of COVID. As Rakesh mentioned in his remarks,
it has reasonably stood the test of the stress so far. We look at them very closely,
particularly on the business loan and SME side, data on the credit summation. So, far
they are holding on quite well. On the mortgage side, I must add that again decongestion,
the fact of the matter is that we were slightly under penetrated in our own customer base
and competitive pricing and the fact that we had used our physical distribution, but more
than that on the digital tilt, I would say it did help us in gaining share. Overall I would put
60% weightage on the fact that we had worked on the process of credit delivery, that has
helped us in gaining share. I would also put 20% on the fact that the competitive intensity
had come down a little bit more so, because in our case, the contrast of the digital nature
of our processes vis-à-vis many others who may not have that level of digitization in the
processes which makes the whole credit delivery process itself slower. And in times like
these, faster credit is also an important capital, which clients are looking at when all things
remaining equal. So, that has also helped. And on the MSME side, InstaBIZ and Trade
Online and all of it that has also helped in moving the clients towards us. So, I would say
that these would be the reasons why we have been able to gain share from the market.
Page 18 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
Vishakha Mulye:
So, quickly on the corporate side, if you look at the last three to four years, we have been
growing at around 13% to 15% on the domestic performing book, mainly driven by the
higher rated corporates as well as PSUs. Therefore, our portfolio is seasoned in terms of
the disbursement that we have done in the last three to four years. If you look at it, I think
the test was during the last one year when RBI came out with the restructuring guidelines.
Our restructured book is less than 1% of our total book. So our portfolio has actually
stood the test of the extreme impact of the COVID in the last one year. The incremental
addition to NPL has come down and actually has tapered during the last one year. Last
quarter also it has been quite low. Again, this is driven mainly by the opportunities which
are there in the market in terms of deploying liquidity even in the short term. So, to be
frank, I feel quite nice about the portfolio and we'll of course have to watch, as Rakesh
spoke about the second wave. But at the moment, we feel very nice about the performing
portfolio on the corporate side.
Sandeep Batra:
Suresh, Sandeep Batra here. As Rakesh also mentioned, if you see the rating mix of our
loan portfolio, that has changed for the Bank as a whole. I draw your attention to slide 33.
If you look at the A-minus and above portfolio, in 2017 it was 56%, it is now 73%. Even
if I compare it to a year back, it was about 70%. So, there is clearly a focus on quality.
The book what you're really talking about now to what it was in the past is significantly
different if you see it from a rating perspective.
