:
The next question is from the line of Seshadri Sen from Alchemy Capital. Please go ahead.
Seshadri Sen:
The first one is on credit cards and I'm seeing a sharp jump quarter-on-quarter in the credit
card outstanding book. How are the underlying metrics in terms of revolvers and EMI and
transactors behaved over this quarter? I know you don't disclose, the break up. But have
there been any significant shifts in the trends given the sharp jump in the overall book?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think what happened really was, without getting into numbers, that we saw a pretty strong
growth in the retail spends and some rationalization of corporate spends. So, the retail
spend growth would probably be higher than the average and that is what translates into
the book growth. So, I don't think that there is any real change in the revolver level.
Seshadri Sen:
So, both revolver and EMI have been largely stable. There has not been any movement in
either direction.
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes, nothing to call out certainly on the revolver side.
Seshadri Sen:
And secondly, I know a couple of people have asked this before, but just want to revisit
the net interest margin cycle in terms of how it plays out. We are now at the point in cycle
where assets are repricing faster than liabilities. That tends to reverse at some point. Is it
FY2024 or sooner than that trend starts to reverse or do you think that given your loan mix
changes, and I'm seeing your loan book, there is significant acceleration in some of the
high-yield segments, that that should take care of any reversal that happens at that point?
Page 20 of 22Anindya Banerjee:
We will have to see. You are absolutely right that more durable changes in bank margins
come from either loan mix or funding mix or asset quality, but we'll have to see. As we
explained given the 3-month reset structure and if you look at the repo rate hikes which
have happened and which are expected, there will be some upward movement even from
here on. At some point, the funding cost will catch up. I guess it will happen sometime in
the next few quarters.
