:
The next question is from the line of Nilanjan Karfa from Nomura. Please go ahead
Nilanjan Karfa:
One question was on this contingency provision buildup. Do you think your ECL model,
which you supply to RBI and what we are building right now, are they sort of kind of pretty
much similar? Is that how we should look at that number?
Page 18 of 22Anindya Banerjee:
Not really. I mean this is not modeled on the same basis as that. But whenever we move
to that, we will have to see how to transition this.
Nilanjan Karfa:
The reason is if I just go back last 14-15 quarters, given that we did not have so much
contingent and floating provision figures, our credit costs have roughly averaged around
maybe 170-180 excluding some of the high periods. So, is that something we should look
at? I mean because just we are sitting on the other side of the table. So, how should we
think about this number?
Anindya Banerjee:
See, unfortunately, the environment has been volatile, so we have not seen in that sense
a stable cycle. My guess is that given our overall risk appetite on the corporate side and
the focus on granularity on the retail and SME side, the long-term averages may not be as
effective a guide as to the future credit cost. But we have to go through some period of
time before we see how that settles.
Nilanjan Karfa:
Fair enough. There seems to be some bit of disconnect, when we look at other sectors.
Other companies are talking about discretionary spends dropping vis-a-vis banks sort of
guiding to extremely strong forecast. How do we rationalize both of these sides or are we
missing something in this whole picture? Is it just inflation which is playing out? And
broadly, in terms of your risk management policies, have you begun tightening some of
the screws once again?
Anindya Banerjee:
On the second one we continuously review and make whatever micro level changes we
need to make, but there is no sort of broad-brush tightening that we are doing. In terms of
the first one, it's difficult to really answer that question. It's data. For example, if you look
at the credit card spends data, which is being published at a systemic level, that is showing
the trends in growth. So, it's quite transparent.
Page 19 of 22