:
The next question is from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead
Nitin Aggarwal:
I have two questions. One is again on the provisions, which was touched upon earlier. As
a percentage of PPOP, we are tracking significantly lower than the run rate that we have
talked about in the past and core credit costs are running negligible now. So, how do you
see this? Like how long can this continue and what will be our strategy in respect to making
contingent provisions? So, will we continue to make more contingent provisions as the
provisions to PPOP slows?
Anindya Banerjee:
As I explained in response to Saurabh's question, we are not working out any percentage
of PPOP or anything like that. It is entirely based on an analysis of the factors in the global
and Indian environment and the portfolios where perhaps risk markers are a little higher
than the average portfolio. That is what we do on a quarterly basis and we continuously
review from the perspective of making these prudent provisions.
In terms of how the specific credit costs will shape up, basis our current understanding
and expectation, in the near term we would expect them to kind of significantly undershoot
the normalised level. The reasons for that are that we are not seeing really any material
NPL development on the corporate side. In fact, we are seeing some recoveries. And on
the retail and SME side, we are coming off the pandemic related cycle so we are seeing
actually recoveries out of those portfolios as well. And incremental additions are also well
under control. So, credit costs would be lower than normal for some time.
Nitin Aggarwal:
Right. And secondly, if you can talk about the branch expansion strategy over the medium
term. How do you see that because competition is talking about a very aggressive branch
expansion. How are you looking at it? And any implications on the cost ratio? This quarter
the cost ratios have moderated backed by strong revenues, but how do you see these 2
things going ahead?
Page 14 of 22Anindya Banerjee:
As far as branches are concerned, we mentioned we've added about 340 branches in the
last one year and we've added about 200 branches in the last six months and this pace of
addition is somewhat higher than what we would have done in the preceding years. This
is based on our own assessment of the market opportunity across different markets and
micro markets where new economic nodes or new nodes of residential development are
coming up and we need to have a physical presence to service that. One of the other
things that we are also doing as a strategy is trying to move our colleagues closer to the
market. So, that also results in expansion of the local footprint. I guess we would continue
to expand our branches on this basis. So, you would see branch numbers going up over
the next couple of quarters as well.
Nitin Aggarwal:
Right. And any colour on the cost ratios?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, we really focus on the pre-provision operating profit and that naturally requires an
appropriate management of operating expenses in relation to the revenue. Currently, as
you rightly said, the revenue environment is pretty strong and we feel that there is a lot of
opportunity for us to grow our business, to expand our franchise and therefore, we
continue to invest in that and that's what we would continue to do. As we have said in the
past, if in a quarter or two cost growth overshoots even revenue growth, we would not
worry about it too much and if we find it to be a sustained thing, we can always make
some adjustments. But currently we are looking at investing and expanding the franchise.
