:
The next question is from the line of Krishnan ASV from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead
Krishnan ASV:
This is more to do with 2 things. One, we have generally seen an environment where loan
repricing has been fairly fast because of EBLR, like that's evident. But also what we have
observed is that the loan resets are faster. So, if the earlier contracted period, and this is
not just true of ICICI Bank, I wouldn't have probably observed this specifically for ICICI
Bank. But the system in general has moved from say a quarterly reset to a real-time reset
so the day the RBI moves, immediately 50 basis points gets passed on, right? Does the
Page 12 of 22RBI look at the same reset on the way down as well or do you anticipate that banks can
continue to go back and forth between real-time reset and quarterly reset when the rate
movement is adverse, right? So, that's the first question. The second question is also about
deposit mobilization. The fact is you're now at nearly an 86% loan-to-deposit ratio given
the kind of demand environment you're seeing. Could pricing be on the deposit side?
Could we catch up on the deposit side pricing? Could that be faster say towards the end
of the year?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, on your first question, Krishnan, we don't have any real-time resets. So, our EBLR or
repo linked loans reset every 3 months. So, there is no next month or immediate reset on
our, say, home loans which are linked to EBLR. On the second part, as we spoke earlier
also on this call that we have seen more increases in deposit rates recently than we had
seen or larger increases than we had seen say broadly till September-end. So, it would be
fair to assume that the repricing of deposits will pick up from here on.
Krishnan ASV:
So, just as a related thing on the EBLR, I mean it almost seems like if the RBI does hike 100
basis points say incrementally from here till the termination, right, all of that 100 basis
points gets passed on. This is something we have been trying to clarify from other banks
as well. I mean, if you could share your thoughts. Is there any discretion you can exercise?
If you see risk building up, you really don't want to kind of break the camel's back, right?
So, would I mean banks be able to exercise any discretion saying that there comes a point
beyond which I will absorb this on my P&L rather than pass it down further and increase
asset quality risk or does that discretion not exist as things stand?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, I think that's hypothetical. I mean contractually the loan resets at the spread over the
EBLR. If the borrower is able to for example look at refinancing at a lower cost from a
competing provider, then that can happen. So, they can exit my loan and go to a
competing provider and take a loan at a lower spread. Yes, so that can happen. And in fact
I guess as the rates go up, that can also be a factor in how spreads and margins move.
Page 13 of 22