:
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of
Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. Please go ahead.
Mahrukh Adajania:
So, my first question is on deposit growth in the second half of this fiscal year. Obviously
yours is a strong liability franchise, but liquidity is getting tight. HDFC's merger activity will
also strengthen in the second half as they run closer to the merger. So, how do you see
deposit growth panning out? And in terms of further expansion to margin, what is the
outlook over the next 4 to 5 quarters?
Page 10 of 22Anindya Banerjee:
So, on the first part, Mahrukh, as you know, retail term deposit growth for the system in
general was quite soft over the last few quarters till the early part of this financial year
given the level to which the deposit rates had gone down. As the retail term deposit rates
have started to move up from the first quarter of this year, we have started to see good
traction and momentum in the retail FD accretion. Having said that, the pace of increase
in the retail FD rates has been much lower than what we have seen in the wholesale
deposit market. But if we look at developments over the last couple of weeks, we are
seeing a more accelerated increase in retail FD rates. Therefore, we will see an increase in
retail FD inflows as the banking system moves up on the FD rates. We expect to see the
retail FD deposit growth momentum to continue and to strengthen.
On the second part on margins, as I mentioned in the opening remarks, given that 44% of
the domestic book is linked to repo, we will continue to see some benefit on the yields in
terms of the repricing as the repo rate increases. In fact, the last increase, which was on
30th September will have some impact. We do expect to see funding costs kind of move
up at a quicker pace than what we have seen so far. So, net of that, will be impact on
margin. We'll have to wait and see how it evolves.
Mahrukh Adajania:
The other thing is in general on loan growth and the ability of consumers to bear the hike,
right, loan growth has been very strong amidst rising rates and it's almost in defiance with
the global macro. So, are you going to see a slowdown also as a hard landing or how does
it shape? Why is the economy or why are consumers showing so much strength as never
seen before and better than expected? Does it continue for 2 to 3 quarters?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, as Sandeep mentioned, that the recovery from the pandemic in India has been quite
strong and that is evidenced in a number of indicators, whether it is demand indicators or
the resilience and recovery in bank loan portfolios in terms of the credit performance. So,
those are all indicators that the consumer is in good shape.
Page 11 of 22In terms of the cost of credit, part of what has happened so far is really a reversion to
where the rates anyway were pre-pandemic and during this time incomes of customers
would have gone up. But we have to see whether future rate hikes, the extent of pass-
through that happens and what impact, if any, that has on the demand. Also it's a
competitive environment, so banks are offering products to consumers at rates which they
feel consumers will have offtake at.
