:
The next question is from the line of Rakesh Kumar from Systematix. Please go ahead
Rakesh Kumar:
So, I have one question. This is related to when we are in a falling interest rate scenario
which is quite far from here, but just to understand what you're thinking about it. The asset
quality trajectory and the EBLR, both would not be working as a countercyclical thing. So,
what is our thought process here? Because margins would also taper off and with the fall
in the interest rate, there would be asset quality issues also coming up. So, the EBLR would
not help for the system as a whole. So, your thoughts on this.
Page 16 of 22Anindya Banerjee:
I'm not sure I understood the question. I think that repo rate increases so far have been
quite well absorbed by the borrowers and clearly don't seem to be leading to signs of any
higher delinquencies and we'll have to of course keep monitoring as the situation evolves.
I don't think that in a falling rate scenario, there would be any negative impact on asset
quality, if at all at the margin, risks could be in the rising scenario. From a bank margin
perspective, therefore, it's not really in that sense countercyclical because bank's margins
would also rise in a higher interest rate scenario
Rakesh Kumar:
No, sir. Basically, I was trying to say that generally inflation is there when we are in a falling
interest scenario and the NPAs significantly rise. When we see the credit growth numbers
tipping off and the interest cycle coming down, we see asset quality issues. In those times
because of this EBLR mechanism in place now, loan pricing would also be faster until and
unless we change the benchmark itself like or if we do some changes there within the
MCLR and EBLR. So, actually because of EBLR linkage, we would have adverse impact on
credit yield also and then we would also have asset quality issues associated with the
falling interest rate.
Anindya Banerjee:
I don't think - it's a kind of reverse causation. Typically, in a normal cyclical tightening and
loosening of monetary policy, we would not see such an impact. It could happen in a crisis
situation. For example, if there is a big shock to growth, it is the shock to growth which
causes the NPL and not the reduction in interest rates, which is also a consequence of the
shock to growth. If it's a normal calibrated tightening and then unwinding of monetary
policy, this should not happen. But I will sort of hedge by saying that we have not really
seen a full cycle under the EBLR pricing regime. So, that is something that we have to see
how it goes through both on the way up and the way down in terms of both margins and
credit quality
