:
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is from the line of
Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama Wealth.
Mahrukh Adajania:
So I had a couple of questions. Firstly, that would you say that the sequential growth,
because you lend to so many segments, the sequential growth has peaked at around, say,
4% Q-o-Q. Would that be a fair assumption? Because there will always be some moving
parts. The sector growth is also on a very high base?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, I think it really can't be expressed in that way. There are, as you said, moving parts in
different quarters. So for example, in this year, the festive season was kind of split between
Q2 and Q3, it started a bit early. So some of the consumption-related growth would have
happened partly in Q2 instead of happening fully in Q3.
The way we look at it, I think, in terms of, if you look at the granular portfolio, which is
retail, business banking etc. the disbursement volumes are pretty much holding up and the
loan growth will be really an outcome of that. So that's the way we would look at it.
Mahrukh Adajania:
And so if loan growth accelerates in the fourth quarter, would there be enough deposits?
I know that you've done borrowings as well, but the deposit growth on an overall basis is
3%. So, on a sequential basis. I mean, would there be enough deposits to fund higher
growth, how is the system shaping up?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes. I think a lot of focus goes on this year-on-year deposit growth versus credit growth
gap, which kind of misses the fact that the first 2 quarters of the calendar year were
quarters when banks had and then ran down significant excess liquidity. Liquidity in the
system itself has come down from INR 8 trillion to under INR 1 trillion. So it has to be seen
in that context. I think the way we've analyzed it is if we look at the net increase in the
balance sheet, say, in the third quarter, borrowings represent only about 10% or 11% of
the funding accretion and the balance is really coming through deposits and equity or the
profit generation. So we don't see deposits or funding as a constraint at all. During the
quarter we have grown our total deposit base by over INR 300 billion and as we had
mentioned last time, as the retail deposit rates have started moving up, we've seen a pretty
healthy increase in the accretion to retail deposits and that momentum is continuing. So
we are quite comfortable on the funding side. And for Q3, we had an LCR of 123% average
for the quarter.
Page 10 of 19Mahrukh Adajania:
And my next question is on contingent provisions. So a few banks or at least two private
banks have been telling us that they have some sort of a deadline from auditors or some
sort of feedback from auditors that it has to be utilized within a certain period and
therefore some of them are cutting down contingency provisions. So how does that work
with you in terms of auditor’s timeline because you're just building on the buffer?
Anindya Banerjee:
I'm not aware of such a requirement. The way we look at the contingency provisions is
that we certainly see the various developments that are taking place both globally and in
India that could impact various parts of the portfolio and then we do an analysis of the
portfolio where there is no NPL development currently but the risk markers could be a little
higher than the average and then that's how we kind of build-up on the contingency
provision and that's something that we would keep revisiting every quarter as we've said
earlier.
