:
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first
question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Elara Capital. Please go ahead.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Your jewel loans and rural loans, those would be part of the rural portfolio, correct?
Page 16 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
Rakesh Jha:
Yes.
Mahrukh Adajania:
So, I know that you commented that most of it would be recovered, but were these the
loans lent at high LTV or you never really increased your LTV last year?
Rakesh Jha:
No, here the issue is not about LTV. I think like we mentioned given the current
environment, the collections could not take place and typically as you know in the jewel
loan portfolio, if the loan goes into overdue, you send auction notices to customers. In
the current environment, we have not done that in the months of April and May and large
part of June as well. So that is something that we have started now in the month of July
and we have already started to see recoveries from these portfolios. From the LTV
perspective, the LTV allowed by RBI was about 75%. RBI had increased that during the
last year. We also had increased our LTV, but as I said that is not an issue. These loans
are completely covered by the value of the gold in the collateral that we have.
Mahrukh Adajania:
My other question is that even if you exclude agri and jewel loan NPLs, the slippage rate
is higher because of Covid-19 and in the fourth quarter you had mentioned that mortgage
slippages were also on the higher side. So does that continue, as in has the slippage
ratio in mortgages increased q-o-q, any color?
Rakesh Jha:
Like I said Mahrukh earlier that if you look at the overall additions to the NPAs in the retail
portfolio last year and you compare that with this year first quarter - last year as a whole
I am taking because there were many issues like moratorium and Supreme Court
judgment, the quarter numbers were varying a lot - if you look at it from an annual
perspective, last year and Q1 this year, the trend on the retail side excluding rural, I would
say home loan is actually pretty similar to what we had last year. We had seen higher
Page 17 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
slippages, relatively speaking to last year, on the commercial vehicle portfolio and on
the unsecured side actually, that is personal loan and credit card, it has been somewhat
better than last year. That is what we have seen in the first quarter and again the overall
numbers have to be seen in the context that unlike last year we did not have any of the
regulatory dispensation this year, so we were expecting to see the impact of the second
wave in a more upfront manner during the current financial year and that is what we
have seen. From here on, we should see a decline in the pace of addition to NPA. Of
course, they will still be somewhat elevated in the coming quarter, but again taking out
any assumption on the third wave, we are not kind of factoring that in, if we keep that
aside for a moment, into the second half of the year, definitely we should start seeing
meaningful reduction in the addition to NPLs and of course to some extent the current
environment has also impacted collections and the recoveries which happened from the
NPL portfolio. But despite that, if you look at it, from the retail portfolio itself, we have
recovered about Rs. 22 billion in the current quarter compared to additions of about Rs.
68 billion, so about one third of that has been the recovery level from the retail portfolio.
Mahrukh Adajania:
That was my next question that the retail recovery is actually much higher than fourth
quarter when fourth quarter was a much better environment for recovery, so has some
classification changed which is why you have higher slippage and higher recovery or is
it actual recovery?
Rakesh Jha:
No, again as I said, last year because of the moratorium and all of that, the numbers were
up and down across quarters
Mahrukh Adajania:
No, I am talking about fourth quarter only
Rakesh Jha:
Yes, because the classification of NPLs happened only in the fourth quarter, Mahrukh,
the NPLs were not added in the previous quarters at all, so the recoveries could not have
Page 18 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
been there. Just to say that in Q1 these recoveries are all normal recoveries and
upgrades which have happened on the retail portfolio.
Mahrukh Adajania:
And on provisioning, you had tightened your provisioning policy even last year, so why
did you need to tighten it again this year? Is it different segments that you had tightened
or what has been tightened now?
Rakesh Jha:
I think there could be a couple of portfolios where we would have tightened in December
and we have done further tightening this quarter as well. Mahrukh, the way we look at it
is purely from a point of view that we have made it more conservative. We are very
conscious about the coverage ratio that we want to maintain on the portfolio. And when
the NPA additions are higher like we had in this quarter on a gross basis and on a net
basis, we would have increased some provision on the early buckets of NPAs. Again, I
don’t think it reflects anything in terms of our expectation of eventual recovery from
these NPL categories in which we have increased the provisions. There could of course
be some delay in recoveries. For example, the level of recoveries that we were expecting
in this quarter sitting in February versus what it turned out to be was definitely lower
than what we had thought. So, there could be some delay in recoveries which could
happen. But otherwise, it is just ensuring that our balance sheet remains strong in terms
of the net NPLs and in terms of the coverage ratio. If you look at our net NPAs through
the Covid-19 period starting from March 2020, the net NPAs actually came down in the
last 5 quarters compared to March 2020. If you look at the net NPA outstanding,
compared to March 2021 in June 2021 again, it is like a marginal increase. So we have
looked at all of these aspects as well.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Just one very last question in the interest income breakup, the other interest has gone
up from like Rs. 9.8 billion to Rs. 12 billion. Is that normal or is there some one-off
recovery there?
Page 19 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
Rakesh Jha:
No. We called out the collections number separately and that was not a material number.
There were some opportunities for the Bank to deploy some of the surplus liquidity in
the form of FX swaps, so, that is something that we had done. It was just a change in the
form of liquidity that we maintained and that shows up in the other interest income as
swap income instead of interest income on investments or some other category, as
would have happened in the normal course of time. There is no one-off there.
