:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang. Please
go ahead.
Page 30 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
Manish Ostwal:
I have only one question, in your initial remarks, you said that in Q2-2022 slippage will
be lower and meaningful reduction will happen in second half of FY2022, so in this
quarter we have some write-back and Covid-19 related write-back and there is some Rs.
11 billion of additional provision because of change of policy, so my question is, how do
you read the write-back in the context of the dynamic situation of pandemic and our
assessment of the overall credit slippage and the credit cost for the full year?
Rakesh Jha:
We would reassess the Covid-19 related provision that we hold on a quarter-on-quarter
basis depending on the status of the pandemic. For example, in December quarter itself,
we had utilized about Rs. 18 billion from this Covid-19 provision and till February we
were actually, definitely thinking of or planning to utilize more in the March quarter. That
changed post the second wave coming in towards the end of March and we actually
made a further Rs. 10 billion of provision in Q4-2021. This quarter, we have re-assessed
the Covid-19 provision and based on the portfolio trends, the NPA slippages that we
have seen from the portfolio, the provisions that we hold there plus the expectations for
the rest of the year, we believe that the provision that we are holding currently of about
Rs. 64 billion or so is more than adequate. That is an assessment that we will have to
do on an ongoing basis.
Manish Ostwal:
But since we have write-back, so can we reach the current quarterly trend of the
provisioning? Will it sustain in the coming quarter, so how one should read it?
Rakesh Jha:
Indeed, in this quarter, we had an additional provision like you said of Rs. 11 billion also
coming in because of the change in the policy that we have for NPAs, that is not
something which one would be doing on an ongoing or a recurring basis. So aside from
that hopefully, in the second half of the year, one should see provisions coming off, but
it is very difficult to say. Our approach is that at all points of time, maintain a balance
sheet which is strong in terms of coverage ratio and net NPA levels. So that is something
Page 31 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
that we will continue to factor in. Directionally given what we are saying on the NPL
additions, it should mean that the gross provision should also come off.
