:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suresh Ganapathy from Macquarie.
Please go ahead.
Suresh Ganapathy:
Just two questions, rather three quick questions. One is to Vishakha, what are you seeing
on the corporate side because obviously a lot of people are expecting that credit growth
revival in general for the system will happen from corporate as the economy gathers
steam, so I just wanted to know the outlook on both working capital as well as capex
demand. What exactly is the recovery that you are seeing there? Second question is to
both Anup and Sandeep, first beginning with the impact of Mastercard, have you guys
assessed that? And the other aspect is, with these fintechs coming in and you guys also
have partnership with them, what is the value that you see in them bringing to you, what
is it that you guys can't do that fintech guys are doing it better, be it technology or be it
customer segment, any color on that would be very helpful.
Vishakha Mulye:
Suresh, on the corporate side, two things, the capital expenditure and the working
capital. So let us take Q1 out because of the pandemic wave 2, clearly in April and May,
one did see some impact on the capacity utilizations and stuff like that. But if you look at
generally on the corporate side, the capacity utilizations have gone up, the commodity
cycles are at the peak and therefore general requirement of working capital has gone up
Page 23 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
and we have seen an improvement in the utilization on the working capital side. Having
said that, many of these corporates have actually gone and raised capital either in the
form of equity because of buoyant equity market or they have relied on raising money
in the form of bonds in the market to fund those working capital needs. Going forward, I
expect this momentum to continue, the way one had seen in the last year. Coming to
capital expenditure, I would divide it into two parts, first the private corporates and then
the public sector. As far as the private sector is concerned, one must admit that one has
not seen much capital expenditure in terms of large projects and so on and so forth. Of
course, people have taken opportunities in the last two years to balance their capacities
and do a normal capital expenditure or I would say a slightly more than the normal capital
expenditure in the last nine months or one year, but really not anything to expand the
capacity because typically the corporate would look at expanding the capacities and they
see their existing capacity getting sweated on a consistent basis or a sustainable basis.
So that kind of capital expenditure demand I must admit has not been seen from the
private sector. As far as public sector is concerned, I think they continue to grow, they
have their capital expenditure plans and we have seen robust growth and as we have
said in our remarks, we have focused therefore on the large corporates, well rated
corporates and the PSUs and you see a growth of almost 15% year-on-year in our
performing domestic corporate book, excluding the builder portfolio.
Anup Bagchi:
Let me take the second part of the question, so one is on the Mastercard impact. The
Mastercard impact on us is virtually negligible because for all the variants of Mastercard,
we also have Visa, so we have shifted over to Visa and Mastercard is very little. Actually,
it is in a few thousands per month and our flagship which is the Amazon card runs on
Visa, so to that extent large part of the credit cards is also protected. The second question
is very interesting which is the fintech and what is it that we get and what banks cannot
do. I would say honestly that there is nothing technically which a fintech does that a bank
cannot do. So, what are the positives there and what are the negatives and what are the
learnings for banks. For banks like us, I think first there is a gap on the speed of imagining
the solution. Fintechs, because they are very focused on a problem that they are solving
for the customer, generally they are the first on the block to solve that problem. Banks
like us look at large breadth and depth of customers and have many problems to solve,
Page 24 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
so sometimes in prioritization, some fintechs, not all, are very focused on that customer
segment and they move up the block first. What banks have to do is, we need to have
our tentacles far and wide which we have, to see which problems are getting solved and
are those problems relevant for our customer segments as well. If they are relevant to
our customer segment, we have two choices, either we build the solution on our own or
we partner. Generally, our approach is to partner because the fintechs are focused on
that solution, they have done that solution and we have a much larger customer base to
give and we can scale that up fast. Fintechs, we have seen, they solve the problem
correctly, but most of them find it difficult to scale up, some of course scale up very well.
So that is one thing. Second is that, how fast can a bank do it, because fintechs are very
focused on a particular segment since they don’t have the complexity of a bank. At times,
they can be faster in solutions and they could be more flexible and agile, but in the fast
and agile, we have seen in our experience, they find it difficult to make adjustments.
They are not able to move into the adjacencies that easily which is that they focus on
one customer segment, one problem and that is it and they are not able to move with
us. And on the customer side if we see, a customer requires a full solution, so if a
problem requires 10 solutions, if somebody is giving only four solutions, generally the
adoption is not that good. From a bank’s perspective we give four plus we add six, so
that we are able to give 10, hence the customer’s stickiness with us increases. We have
seen it for example, in iMobile Pay, as Sandeep had also mentioned earlier, that within
six months these are non-ICICI Bank customers, it is all in the pool and customers are
taking it up on their own, so we are seeing almost 4 lakhs non-ICICI Bank customers per
month coming in and it is accelerating. So, we look very closely on product and
ecosystem and then our customer segment fit and that is what we are continuously
looking and we partner with many fintechs. We of course do our own stuff as well, but
we partner a lot of fintechs and we create our own solutions for that. From a banking
perspective, the big advantage that we have which many fintechs may not have is, our
ability to do KYC which is Know Your Customer and know their context which is much
better than any fintech in a broader sense. In a narrow sense, sometimes banks miss on
prioritization, but if we keep our tentacles on, then we don’t miss on opportunities, then
we become fast followers, we pick it up and we move fast. So, I would say that this game
of fintech versus bank, one is certainly of partnership, second, our ability to also cross-
sell other products to the same customer in banking system is higher than any of the
fintechs. Fintechs are narrow in their definition of the problem and customer and solution
Page 25 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
and as I said earlier, to move across other products. They build brand in a very narrow
way, but bank branding is wider, so customers also expect that they can take a mortgage
also from us and buy mutual funds from us and buy protection from us and give liabilities
to us. It is a brand building exercise which is difficult, it takes some time to build that kind
of broader appeal to the customer. So I feel that at this point of time, anybody who is
agile and has tentacles open and is very focused on problem solving for the customers,
will do reasonably well and that is what we are attempting to do and learn at all points
of time and we see the product ecosystem fit and the customer segment fit and we keep
on seeing the fit. There are many initiatives and many solutions we come out with, it
doesn’t move that fast, so we will let it be, we test and learn and get that feedback. The
high frequency touch with us, with the bank is generally higher and so with the digital
footprint, we are also able to use them at other places like underwriting, getting the
context of the customer, helping them cross-sell, so overall I feel that if banks are agile,
if banks are alert, if banks have their tentacles spread out, we do have a very good chance
of winning this market for sure. So, I would say that is one. Of course, on the banking
side, we are a regulated entity, many other fintechs are not regulated entities. To that
extent, there is some short-term agility or flexibility that they will have, but as they grow
up, there will be clamour for regulations to come in and regulations, they are sometimes
good because they increase trust in the system, but sometimes they also open up some
small arbitrages which makes them more flexible for some time at least, so that is the
positive. So basically the game is evenly spread and banks have natural advantages and
it is for incumbents like us to actually win this market and serve the customers well
across their needs, across their spectrum in a broad way and in a deep way.
Sandeep Batra:
Just a supplement to what Anup said, Suresh, now the fundamental difference between
a bank and fintech is the liability franchise that we have and that is a significant
proposition. For us, it is trying to manage scale and complexity which is of a very
different order. So as you are aware we have been focusing on this area and as a part of
our disclosure. This time, you will see that we almost have about 10-11 slides that we
have put across on various initiatives that we are taking and we will continue to work on
this journey. It is a journey and we will continue to learn from fintechs.
Page 26 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
