:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Murarka from HSBC. Please
go ahead.
Abhishek Murarka:
Three quick questions, one to Vishakha, so if I look at this resolution framework under
Covid-19 the disclosure that comes in the notes to accounts and if I compare it to the last
quarter, FY2021 end, it is higher by about Rs. 19 billion out of which about Rs. 16 billion
is really coming from corporate loans plus on top of it is some ECLGS offtake as well in
the quarter, so if you could just explain which segments within corporate are you seeing?
Is it any particular segment or segments or some mid corporate or any kind of detail
there would be helpful and I can come back to the other two questions?
Rakesh Jha:
Rakesh here, I will just take that question. In terms of the disclosure, it is of the cases
where the resolution has been implemented. So that is the reason why that number has
gone up. If you look at our disclosure that we have put out on slide 32, that gives the
total fund based outstanding under various resolution frameworks which was about Rs.
48 billion, excluding the NPAs, compared to about Rs. 39 billion at March 31, 2021. Of
the Rs. 48 billion of fund based outstanding at June-end, Rs. 22 billion is retail and about
Rs. 26 billion is corporate. It is the same set, nothing incremental which has happened
on the corporate side during the quarter in terms of restructuring. There were a few
accounts which were NPA as of March-end where resolution got implemented in Q1 and
those cases got upgraded. When we explained the increase in corporate and SME BB
portfolio, we said that some of the NPAs where restructuring was not implemented by
March 31, it got implemented by June 30 and have been upgraded to standard. Those
cases show up in this table as well and also in our BB portfolio.
Abhishek Murarka:
The other question Rakesh is, in this retail slippages if I back out the jewel loan and the
KCC portfolio, we still have about Rs. 46 billion there, so could you give some broad
sense of how that is played, let us say between mortgages and auto?
Page 27 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
Rakesh Jha:
We don’t give a product-wise kind of breakup. So, I don’t want to get into that. Like I said,
I think that trend for mortgages is similar to what we saw last year. Commercial vehicles,
basically vehicles is higher than last year specifically the commercial vehicle part of it.
Personal loans and credit cards are better than last year as per the trends that we have
seen in the June quarter on the retail additions other than rural part.
Abhishek Murarka:
And if we just look at the vintage of the retail slippages, not the segments, would it have
come more from the book which is let us say underwritten in the last couple of years or
anything like that?
Anup Bagchi:
Abhishek the loan tenure itself is short for retail loan except for mortgage which are
longer loan tenure. Just to add to Rakesh's point, on the mortgage side, it was similar to
last year and is a very large book for us. If you remember the moratorium on the
mortgage book last year of the largest mortgage lender was substantially higher. The
reason is because they are low cost and there are large EMIs and there is no prepayment
cost. So, you know it is a very good case, if somebody wants emergency fund, I would
much rather shift that payment a little bit than others, let us say, personal loan and credit
card and other things which are more expensive. I am saying logically if a client is
behaving logically, which normally they do, that would be the general behaviour of a
client.
Abhishek Murarka:
So I was just trying to get whether the growth in slippages we saw in the last 1-1.5 years
is due to seasoning of that portfolio?
Anup Bagchi:
No, I don’t think seasoning is an issue actually, we have seen those cohorts. I don’t think
seasoning is the issue, it is just circumstances of the second wave and the anxiety and
Page 28 of 38ICICI Bank Ltd
July 24, 2021
all of it mostly. In the commercial vehicles, when the input costs are high and you cannot
pass it on, there is obviously mismatch in the cash flows, but then we have not grown
our book and it is not a very large book for us.
