
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities.
Please go ahead.
Sandeep Shah
Thanks for the opportunity. Most of the questions are answered. Just wanted to understand
the gap between the utilization including trainee and excluding trainees is as big as 700 basis
points and we are adding freshers for last so many quarters and with that you are also
expecting subcontracting cost savings, is it fair to say second half of FY2023 margin may
have more upward bias? Pricing, with a lag may also be a tailwind versus first half?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, these trainees have to go through the whole Mysore stint, then they go to the bench, they
get reskilled on specialty skills, and then we lead them into production. So it takes some time
as well and which is why utilization excluding trainees and including trainees you see the
gap. We have an increase in the overall trainee count as well between quarter-to-quarter who
have not been deployed in projects. But from a margin perspective I am not sure this is a big
part of the headwind of H1vs. H2. I think the H1 impact because of the comp increase is
upfront one which happens every year and you can go back 2 years and see that as well, but
overall for the year at 21% to 23% we are quite comfortable.
27Sandeep Shah
And just a clarification Nilanjan, just further to what Ravi has asked. So, even if you look at
the revenue growth excluding third party has marginal decline but at the same time you are
also saying the volumes have gone up, so is it the offshore effort in this quarter has not
actually gone down so why is the volume growth not getting reflected in the revenue growth
ex pass through as a whole. So is it the realization in this quarter slightly lower?
Nilanjan Roy
No, we have some routine puts and takes, one is always if you go back you will always see
the seasonality due to working days. The second one is the COVID impact in the initial part
of the year; and the third one is the one contractual provision which we made for a client. So I
think these are the areas due to which you are not seeing that volume benefits flowing into
revenue. Like Salil also said, we have seen strong sequential quarterly volumes.
