
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please
go ahead.
Nitin Padmanabhan
Hi good evening just two questions from my side. The first one was on the guidance. So, if I
understand right, typically you have a high visibility for the next two quarters and if I look at
the last year net new deal wins, it is actually lower than the prior year. So I was just
wondering is the mix of much smaller deals which do not reflect within the overall large deal
win number that you are talking about, is that a much higher number, is that we should think
about it? Second is the pipeline of larger deals that could come through that is giving the
confidence or is it the smaller deals? so that was the first question.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for the question. We are not specifying today the different types of deals within the
mix. Few points to give some color on it. First the pipeline that we see today is the largest
13pipeline we have in terms of large deals so that gives us a good confidence. Our net new for
the year is strong. We have good momentum exiting this financial year 2022, which gives us
a good foundation for next year and we see continued traction within clients, as we are
expanding as we are consolidating, as we are gaining market share, so that gives us added
boost. Hopefully that gives you a little bit of color on that.
Nitin Padmanabhan
Sure. The second question was in terms of how are you seeing onsite wage inflation broadly?
When you compare the prior year, do you see that at a much higher level for the industry in
the US, just wanted your thoughts on that. And finally, any specifics on the financial services
space which is relatively softer and for life sciences where we actually saw a sharp drop for
the quarter?
Salil Parekh
On the wage inflation, outside India is definitely higher than what we were seeing last year
and that will become a part of how we factor in our overall compensation increase. Wage
inflation numbers in most of the western geographies are higher today than they were 12
months ago.
On financial services while in the quarter we saw the QoQ was lower, the overall demand
environment remains very strong for us in this segment. We see a good pipeline there. There
were significant large deal wins for the year and in the quarter and we remain confident with
the growth in financial services. In life sciences conversely, we had in the previous quarter
several onetime large deals and that is what made the QoQ look softer. It is a smaller unit for
us. So, there is much more volatility in that, but the underlying demand in life sciences looks
to be in good shape.
