
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Kapoor from CLSA. Please go
ahead.
Pankaj Kapoor
Hi! Thanks for the opportunity. The question again is on margins and the investment that you
spoke of. I was just wondering are these similar to the investment that you had done in 2018-
2019, so more of one time kind of an investment or these are more regular investments that
anyway you would keep doing in the business.
Salil Parekh
I think the way we are looking at it is, we put in place that strategy a few years ago. We built
out deep capability across multiple areas – that was what we did in the first sort of 6 months,
a year or so. We are now seeing over the last 4 years a good impact of that approach. We see
a tremendous demand environment which we see across cloud, areas of digital, automation,
and some of the new digital tech companies. We want to take that and build the capability
deeper in those areas. We consider that now one time approach in the next few quarters to get
it mobilized. It is not something which is going to be a continuous new activity for us and
then we want to again like we did last time a shift into building capability from the operating
19business itself. But since we see an inflection point in what we see as the opportunity set, we
want to make sure we take advantage of that, keep our leading position with market share
growth that we have had over the past 3-4 years and try to build on that for the coming 3 to 5
years.
Pankaj Kapoor
Understand that, and the other question also was on your guidance on the revenue side. What
kind of a outlook you are building in on the macro concerns around what is happening in the
Eastern Europe or even the larger macro worries around the inflation in your end markets.
Are you taking any impact of that, maybe in the second half of the year, or the guidance is
more on an ‘as is’ basis and in case if there is any incremental deterioration in the macros that
would be probably incremental to whatever the guidance that we have given.
Salil Parekh
Today what we see is the point that you mentioned are in the macro environment, but as we
look at our demand environment we do not see any impact to it. And we do not have a clear
view of how to make an estimate for Q3, Q4 at what level and so on. Based on that we have
built the guidance today and we will evolve it as we go through. We feel comfortable given
what we are seeing in the environment that this is the sort of growth that we will see in the
range of 13% to 15%. We do not see really an impact of those factors in the demand
environment today.
