
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from BMO Capital Markets.
Please go ahead.
Keith Bachman
14I want to ask a question about what are your assumptions on attrition and utilization, how
should we be thinking about those terms over FY2023 and specifically if you could correlate
what is the impact in terms of your margin guidance that you provided here today of 21% to
23%?
Nilanjan Roy
I think firstly on the utilization we are still at the higher end at 87%. We want to bring this
down. Now having said that, a lot of this will happen through the influx of freshers. So it is
not a dollar for a dollar in that sense. The utilization will start impacting by putting in more
freshers who are at a lower cost, but will still have a margin headwind. But if you looking for
a math behind it there is no straight correlation because it is not one for one in that sense. So
that is first.
On attrition, yes, we think that this should come down in the following year. The impact that
we are seeing now – the impact of putting freshers in – not only by us, but by the entire
industry because it was a rotational churn issue across the industry. As the industry puts in
freshers, there is a new source of supply across the industry as well. And finally the
intervention which we are doing now as well. So, that is all factored into our 21% to 23%.
We are also looking at investments, like Salil said, around cloud, around digital capabilities;
and therefore that is also baked into the next year’s guidance.
Keith Bachman
Okay just to clarify and then I will see the floor, does the attrition come down for the industry
or Infosys or both.
Nilanjan Roy
It will be both, I do not think we are in a silo on the ecosystem, we are all interconnected. My
attrition is somebody else lateral and somebody else’s attrition is my lateral and therefore if
the industry has to come out of this it is fundamentally through volume. Volume has to be
through fresher, there is no other source of volume. Therefore, as we start pumping in more
freshers send them for training put them into the bench and then get them into production. I
15think that cycle takes time, and you are already seeing the benefits of this – not only with us
but also seeing that with the industry as well.
