
Thank you. The next question is from Chandra Ranganathan.
Chandra Ranganathan
Hey Salil and Nilanjan, I have questions for both of you, so please bear with me.
Salil, I think Reema covered the Q4 numbers but you know it is still below what the street was
estimating so are these one-off factors because Q1 you typically have a strong start to the year
so are these one-off factors, will you sort of regain momentum because you do not have the
mega deals that you had that cushioned you in the previous fiscal. I also wanted to ask you
about first of all the whole controversy around Russia, you recently closed your presence there,
there are also questions about Akshata Murthy’s stake in Infosys, well I know you have nothing
to do with it, are these discussions happening at the Board level, are clients asking you about
8it because North America and Europe is where you get a majority of your business, so how
serious are those concerns?
Questions for Nilanjan, attrition has zoomed to 27.7%, TCS is still at 17% so do you see this
getting worse in the coming quarters before it gets better what are you doing to reign in attrition
and if you can give us numbers in terms of the number of freshers hired in the previous fiscal
and your fresher hiring target for this fiscal, if you can break that down for us, Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Chandra. I think on the first one we had very strong volume growth in Q4. As you
mentioned this is one-off, as Nilanjan was sharing with the client which relates to contract
situation, we fully expect that this will be reversed in the coming quarters, we see very good
momentum into our business as we look ahead. Our view is with the guidance we have given
13% to 15% growth and the fact that we have significant new number of recruits in Q4, 22,000,
we have clear understanding that we are in a good place and the growth there is working well.
With respect to the discussions in the UK, we have no comments to make on any individual
shareholders. Our approach on Russia I just outlined, we are transitioning our work from
Russia, and we have real concern for what is going on, on the ground and we are providing
humanitarian support and help on that.
Chandra Ranganathan
Decision to cease operations in Russia came on the back of that controversy that is why I am
asking you since she is part of the promoter family, is this a concern, has it been taken up at
the Board level?
Salil Parekh
There again I have no comments to offer on any individual shareholder within the company.
Our approach has been driven essentially by what we see, the work that we are doing in that
location, how we have to manage the delivery of that work and what are the implications to our
employees that are in that location. Those were mainly the factors that we looked at and that
was a discussion that we had within the management and the leadership team.
9Nilanjan Roy
Just to add to Salil’s point. I think in Q4 if you see our year on year growth, we end the year at
20.6%, the full year is 19.7%, it is very important not to get fixated just on the quarter, so our
exit velocity is very high, the volumes are very good for the quarter. There is some seasonality
on the revenue line as well, which I talked about, but I think overall giving the guidance of
13% to 15% - I do not recall in the last 10 years that we have given such a guidance.
So, your question was on attrition and the freshers hiring. So, in the last year we have hired
85,000 freshers across, both globally and in India and the year before, the pandemic year I
don’t think there were many hiring - maybe few thousands. We are planning to do upwards of
50,000 at least and we will see how that plays out but that is just initial, and the good news is
we have these two bright gentlemen who have mastered the art of off campus recruitment.
Earlier the engine used to just go to the campus and they actually did not have any flexibility
in volumes. Today we have that flexibility to ramp up volumes anytime and this year we had
no idea that we would be able to service a 20% demand with a limited fresher set. So, that is
working very well. Attrition is 27.7% on a LTM basis, which is last 12 months. Actually,
attrition for the quarter has come down by close to 5% - both in percentage and in absolute
headcount. In last quarter attrition had actually stabilized and in this quarter, we are seeing
rduction both as a percentage and number for the quarter. The tail effect you are seeing - on an
annual basis will continue to climb, but the good news is we have seen some of the stability
and hopefully with the interventions we are looking ahead and with the April 1, comp hike
planned we should continue to see some improvement in that.
