
Thank you. The next question is from Ayushman Baruah from Mint.
Ayushman Baruah
Hi, Salil. Firstly, what has been the impact on business from the Russia-Ukraine war, right, that
is one. Point number two is you have recently launched Infosys Metaverse Foundry right, so
what has been the initial traction, have you managed to win any contracts or deals with regards
to this? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
First with respect to the situation in Europe. Infosys as a company, very much would like to
see that the two sides come together and come to some agreement on peace. We have also
launched fund of $1 mn to help on the humanitarian areas. Given what is going on in the region
we have started to transition all of our work from our centres in Russia to our centres outside
7Russia. We have less than 100 employees in Russia. We work with no Russian clients and the
work we do is with small number of global clients in Russia for which as I just mentioned we
have started the transition. So at this stage we have no impact within our business given what
is going on from an Infosys perspective. Once again, we are very much concerned with what
is going on the ground and we are doing everything we can to help. We are also providing some
assistance for re-skilling of individuals that are displaced and seeing as they move to other
geographies if they can work in some of our locations in Eastern Europe. We do not do any
business with Russian clients today and we have no plans of doing any business going ahead.
The Metaverse has been an incredible launch, I am glad you mentioned it. We have created an
ecosystem, a Metaverse Foundry which was launched a few days ago. We are already in active
discussions with several clients to start to see how they can use it. There are examples on
AR/VR, there are examples that we are already using, for example the work we do in supporting
ATP. There is active work in the manufacturing segment because there is a lot of use within
the Metaverse of what is going on in supporting whether it is training, whether it is security,
whether it is safety procedures, so lot of discussions. We are excited about it and our clients
are excited about it.
