
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go
ahead.
Kumar Rakesh
Good evening, thank you for taking my question. My first question was more around the
margin and the guidance which we have reduced a bit. So is this a reflection of some of the
transient impacts which we are seeing especially about some of the things which you talked
about supply side constraint and the investment which we are making or is there a structural
change in some of the cost structure of the deals which we are making. So, as we have strong
growth in some of the additional cost which comes along with that through third party and
other things are essentially pushing our margin down?
Nilanjan Roy
25No, so the last part is I think quite clear, if you have seen actually our large deal strategy
which we announced in the beginning of FY2019, we were then doing about $3 bn large deal.
So we went from $3 bn to $6 bn to $9 bn to $14 bn, so while large deals actually went up
even our margins went up. So some of that impact which people fear, when we go into large
deals in the initial part of the cycle, of course headwinds are there because clients want cost
savings upfront. But we are clear about the deal tenure and how do we price the deal so that
over a period of time we are able to take out costs from our various levers which we have and
come closer to the portfolio margin. So that is something we have been doing for the last 3, 4,
5 years, 10 years in this industry. I think the impact we are talking about is much more about
the investments we want to make around what we have seen in the past, the success of what
we have done, and we think with this robust demand environment these are new capabilities
we should invest in as we progress. And the usual headwinds which we talked about, the
bigger differentiation is the pandemic cost normalizing and I think you all have the numbers
in terms of travel, utilization, onsite-offshore, subcon. So, some of those you can start
triangulating what is going to come back on return to normal.
Kumar Rakesh
Got it thanks for that. Our large deal wins which we report have been steady between $2, $2.5
bn for the last few quarters. To understand a lot of the deal activity is also happening in the
smaller size which is not getting reflected here. So would you give sense on the overall deal
size how that being trending or would you consider sharing that data on an ongoing basis?
Salil Parekh
I think at this stage we are not sharing that data outside. Our focus was to share some of the
areas which we had made sort of a change a few years ago for example the digital revenue
percentage and the large deal value. What you mentioned of course is accurate, we have
tremendous activity across all these sizes, we have a very robust overall pipeline and also a
very robust conversion with net new which also feeds a little bit into the earlier discussion on
our revenue growth guidance.
Kumar Rakesh
26Great one final thing, I think I heard that you talk about 85,000 fresher hiring which we have
done this fiscal year any target which we have set for next fiscal year.
Salil Parekh
For next year's campus recruiting we have not communicated that beyond saying that we will
do more than 50,000 campus recruits for next year. As we go through the year we will
communicate more on that but today we see an active campus recruitment program.
Kumar Rakesh
Got it, thanks for that, I will fall back in the queue.
