
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Divya Nagarajan from UBS. Please go
ahead.
Divya Nagarajan
Thanks for taking my question and congrats on what has been a great year overall. Looking
forward I think this question has been attempted in different ways by some of the earlier
questions that came through, but if you were to kind of think about your guidance on revenue
for the full year and think about what are the puts and takes in terms of any delta that you
might see on demand, how comfortable do you feel that you have a cushion? If I also look at
your past track record, you have taken up guidance pretty much every year consistently
multiple times during the year. Is there enough buffer on both sides of the equation is my first
question.
Salil Parekh
The way we looked at our growth guidance, we really try to take a look at where is the
demand today, what we have done with large deals, what we are seeing across many of our
accounts. For example, if you see some of the statistics that we share, number of accounts
over $100 mn or $50 mn- they have seen big movements over the last 12, 24, 36 months. So
we have some view of how that will move in the coming year and then how we are working
17on new account acquisitions and focus on that. Those are the things we built in, to build the
guidance and that is the approach we take every year and in April as we look ahead and then
as the year moves, as we get other information we try to then see how best to communicate
what we are seeing in the demand environment. It’s the same approach that we will follow.
So, it is difficult for example to say what does it mean there is a cushion and not cushion
because at this stage what we see is what we are sharing which is 13% to 15% on the growth
and in every quarter with the broad-based connection we have with clients and interactions
across the industry we will continue to share what we see with respect to the demand
environment.
Divya Nagarajan
Got it and on the margin side I think you have spoken repeatedly about investments and the
investments for future growth. If you were to split your margin you have taken your guide
down roughly by a percent, could you split it into what could be the contribution of the
investments and what is really the contribution of all the other metrics that you have talked
about that are likely to reverse.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so like I said, every year we have headwinds on compensation, that is the biggest one.
We have headwinds this year coming on the travel and the facility side as things open up.
And then we have the cost optimization program which has been running quite well across all
these years – automation, onsite-offshore, subcon – again which is also high, and then the
investments which we are going to make. We will start the investments during the year and
this will be on sales side, cloud capabilities, people incentives on higher skill sets. So, it is a
combination of all this. We are not really calling out the separate impact and all of that has
been considered into the margin structure.
Divya Nagarajan
Got it. My last question if I may. So should I assume that your increased visa cost that you
have had, you have almost had like 1% impact in the quarter, the higher visa application is to
18kind of offset some of the subcontracting pressures that you have had now with travel
opening up in the western market.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes so as I mentioned, the impact in the margin walk was a combination of visa, third-party
cost and another one off which we enjoyed in quarter three, that was altogether 1% in margin
walk which I took you through.
Divya Nagarajan
Got it thanks I will come for follow up if there is any time and wish you all the best for the
year.
