
Thank you, the next question is from Shilpa Phadnis from The Times of India on similar lines.
Infosys’s attrition has gone up to 27.7% from 10.9% in the last one year despite all the measures
put in place it is a tight talent market. Do you see a downward spiral in the coming months and
the second question is the subcontracting expenses have gone up substantially to Rs.16,000
crore from little over Rs.9,500 crore in the last one year? How are you revisiting the employee
pyramid when there is a steady ramp up in sub-contractor cost impacting margins?
Salil Parekh
On the attrition what we see today is in Q4 our attrition is down by about 5 percentage points
from the previous quarter. We also see that many of the initiatives that we have put in place
with regard to employee engagement, compensation, rotation of work, career progression,
those are already starting to have an impact and we anticipate they will have an impact over
17the coming quarters, so we believe we have several of these initiatives in place that will help
us as we go ahead.
Nilanjan Roy
You know just to add Salil saying on attrition. I think firstly it is important to understand is we
are in an environment where demand is chasing supply. I mean this is an industry to be in,
right. If you are in industry where at least supply chases demand you have ten times worse
problems, so that in a way is a good problem to have, and the way we have to fulfill this demand
is through freshers, right otherwise attrition is rotational and it is net zero game. My attrition is
somebody else lateral and somebody else attrition is my lateral. So, end of the day the fresher
has to feed into the entire system across all companies. We have put 80,000. There are larger
players. Somebody who is put 100,000 plus. So once these freshers feed in they take three to
four months to come into production, etc. and that is the time you will start seeing benefit of
this coming into the overall macro environment of hiring market as well, now until then you
have to make sure that you are also meeting that demand and not leaving demand on the table
which is why you go for subcons. You of course have to pay higher for lateral compensation,
etc. but like I said this is an opportunity to grab demand. These are deals which are for five
years, seven years. You do not want to leave them on the table because you are not able to
fulfill them for a year and so I think over a period of six months etc. definitely with freshers
coming in into the entire industry and you will see a moderation of this from a more macro
prospective and subcons is one of them where we are already seeing a plateauing of our subcon
costs. I think the last quarter and this quarter and of course we have planned as part of the year
this will definitely ramp down.
