
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from PhillipCapital. Please
go ahead.
Vibhor Singhal
Salil couple of questions again on the European part. My first question is that as you have
already mentioned that our exposure to Russia and the other geographies as of now is limited,
just wanted to basically understand, as we work for a lot of multinational clients who have
operations across countries and in parts of Russia and Europe as well. So, what are the
20conversations with those clients like. Is there a possibility of them maybe curtailing down this
to some extent or is there some negativity in the conversation that is creeping in.
Second, a more longer-term question on the same geography is that, over the last 2 to 3 years,
in fact more than that last 4-5 years we have seen eastern Europe evolve as a destination for
hiring for a lot of companies maybe in data analytics and many other domains. Do you
believe that the current war situation has pushed that back by maybe a few quarters or years
or do you think it is a temporary situation and once it resolves, the earlier attractiveness of
eastern Europe vis-à-vis hiring for the specific domains will still come back as it was before?
Salil Parekh
So, I have understood first was is the situation in Ukraine impacting any demand in European
clients if that is the question - currently our conversations and discussions with clients in
Europe do not see any impact on the demand environment for us because of this situation. Of
course as we go through the next few quarters and so on we will see how it plays out
depending on the duration and so on.
On the second one, the recruitment situation, we have centers for example in countries in
Eastern Europe and we see that growing quite well for us. Today we have no center in
Ukraine but the other areas we have been expanding in and that has developed quite well. We
do not see an impact today – there might obviously be impact with centers in Ukraine. So our
centers which are in other geographies in Eastern Europe, we are seeing good growth in those
centers.
Vibhor Singhal
So if I were to specifically ask something like Hungary, Poland, Austria they would continue
to remain attractive destinations for us to hire and do businesses there.
Salil Parekh
Poland and Romania are the locations where we have centers and we are actively recruiting
and scaling up in those locations.
21Vibhor Singhal
Got it, thanks for taking my questions and wish you all the best.
