
9Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first
question is from Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ankur Rudra
The first question is on the revenue guidance. Last year at this time Salil, the revenue
guidance was a bit low at the beginning of FY2022 and at that time I would say at least the
order book was a lot stronger, you had a mega deal in the order book and perhaps a stronger
exit rate. So curious to know, what gives the confidence of giving a slightly higher guidance
at the beginning of this year, given, may be a more volatile macro situation.
Salil Parekh
Hi Ankur thanks for your question. What we see today is the demand environment from our
client base is strong. We have for the year $9.5 bn in large deals, 40% net new, for the quarter
$2.3 bn, 48% net new and a strong expansion in dimensions relating to new client work and
relating to actual expansion across different strata. Given all those factors, we came to view
that we could see growth in the range of 13% to 15% for this financial year.
Ankur Rudra
Understood this, does this bake in any kind of reversal that you alluded to from the client
situation in fourth quarter?
Salil Parekh
The client situation of the fourth quarter will reverse over some period. We have not specified
that. That reversal in any case is not such that will make a huge impact in the full year. We
see this coming really from the strong demand that we are seeing within the market from
what we are seeing in the existing base of business that we have, the expansion within clients
that we are seeing and some of the new client acquisitions that we are witnessing. So, putting
all those factors we came to this view.
Ankur Rudra
10Thank you, appreciate this. The follow up question is on margin. Maybe to start with could
you elaborate the third-party cost which went up sharply this quarter and last quarter. Is this
the sticky new level given the nature of deals you are signing? And as a connected question
could you elaborate the cost that has been baked into to the 2023 guidance on margins
including the wage inflation levels, the extent of the pace of the reversal or normalization of
the cost base.
Nilanjan Roy
I think many of the large deals which we get is through bundling our services with the
software and the allied services and that gives us a multiplier effect in the client landscape.
And that you have seen over the last few years, so that is one of the reason also you have seen
the cost increase and has helped us in the quarter and the year going forward.
On YoY perspective for FY2023 we do not call out the wage impact. As Salil said, it will be
a competitive compensation hike. We will differentiate hike in talent and in some places, it
will be more broad-based and of course around that we have a lot of cost optimization which
we usually do. Some of them in the year past were tailwinds; for instance the onsite offshore
mix. But subcon became a headwind for us last year and some of these in a way will start
going the other way in the following year. Of course, the wage hikes will hit us early on the
year as well in quarter one itself, so that will be initial headwind, but we have seen the overall
impact of our cost optimization.
On pricing, we have started discussions as Salil mentioned earlier with our clients. Of course,
this is a much longer haul, it happens more on T&M, renewals etc. But for FP side of the
business these are much more longer-term discussions. And these are also competitively bid
but I think the discussions have started. All of our sales people are actively engaged in this
and looking at the overall demand and the supply front on this and we have started making
head way on this.
Ankur Rudra
Thank you and best of luck.
