
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sudhir Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra
AMC. Please go ahead.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Good evening gentlemen. Thanks for giving me the opportunity. Nilanjan as you made a
comment that pre-pandemic we were at 21.3% margin and our current margin guidance band
is also somewhere around that. So should we read this margin downgrade as more of a
structural reset in the company’s aspirational profitability going back to pre-COVID margin
levels or should we see this more of a onetime downgrade for FY2023 led by transient supply
side pressures.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so as you know, we only give the margin guidance for the year – 21% to 23% and
FY2020 operating margin was 21.3%. We will see where we end up, but the comfortable
range for FY2023 is 21% to 23% - nothing more than that. Just talking about the investments
we are going to make- not only on talent. This is a robust demand environment and we do not
want to lose highly skilled talents. So, we are rolling out interventions there. We are rolling
out intervention on the sales side, on the marketing side, on the digital, cloud. So, we have
multiple interventions and we have seen the success of that over the last 4 years and this is
also in front of you. That is something which we have looked at and baked into the margin
for next year.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Sure Sir. An extension of this question, the current exit margin rate in March 2022 and
margin downgrade for FY2023 it gives a bit of a deja vu feeling of the exit margin and
guidance situation exactly 3 years ago in March 2019. In fact, we were not staring at so many
margin headwinds like we are now barring a bit of an elevated attrition at that time. So my
16question is, is it fair to assume that for the next four quarters margin trajectory will trace
somewhat of a similar path like getting FY2020 where the current delta in growth will likely
take care of the delta in margin headwinds or do you see any major divergences in terms of
how the pattern will play out over the next four quarters.
Nilanjan Roy
So, yes like I said on the margin side we know there is going to be a Q1 impact. We know
there are more longer-term cost optimizations we can resort to. So, I think it will be multiple
impact of all this. And of course, growth will always help. And you've seen that the impact of
growth on our operating leverage also has helped in the past. So, it's a combination of all this.
