A very good evening, everyone and thank you for joining Infosys’ fourth quarter financial
results. My name is Rishi and on behalf of Infosys I am delighted to welcome all of you at our
campus today. All participants at this press conference are fully vaccinated and adhering to
COVID-19 protocols. With that, let me invite our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh,
for his opening remarks. Over to you Salil.
Salil Parekh
Thanks Rishi. Good afternoon, good evening. Welcome to the campus after a long time, good
to see all of you here and good to see all the energy in the room.
We have had an exceptional year; this year with an annual growth of 19.7% in constant
currency terms. This was the fastest growth that we have had in 11 years. We are gaining
market share; we are building on our leadership in cloud and digital and we are working more
closely with clients on their transformation programs. Growth was broad based across business
segments, service lines and geographies. Each of our business segments grew in the double
digits, US and Europe grew 20%, so a very strong performance all around.
Our digital revenues now account for 59.2% of our company and they grew at 41.2% for the
year. Within digital, our cloud work is growing faster, and our Cobalt cloud capabilities are
seeing significant traction with our clients. Our growth has been accompanied by robust
operating margins at 23%. We delivered these margins while maintaining focus on our
employees with increased compensation and benefits.
Our large deal wins were at $9.5 bn for the full year and $2.3 bn for the quarter. In Q4 our
revenue growth was 20.6% year on year and 1.2% quarter on quarter in constant currency
terms.
Our industry leading performance in FY22 would not have been possible without the enormous
contribution and commitment of all of our employees. I am extremely proud and grateful for
the extraordinary efforts in delivering all the work for our clients.
3We recruited 85,000 college graduates in this financial year. We added 22,000 employees in
the fourth quarter. We have an extremely strong recruitment program; this is really a reflection
of our enhanced recruitment capabilities, solid brand and deep penetration into various talent
markets. This increases our comfort to support our clients in their digital transformation
programs. As we look ahead, our sustained momentum in FY 22, large deal wins, robust deal
pipeline and client confidence in our capabilities give us comfort to provide a guidance of 13%
to 15% for growth in FY23, in constant currency terms.
With the pace of digital disruption accelerating across industries, we see a robust demand
environment and immense potential to partner with our clients. Our ‘One Infosys’ approach is
serving us well to bring the best of Infosys in the service of our clients’ needs. Our strategy
that we launched four years ago has really served us well. We have delivered industry-leading
growth and industry-leading TSR.
Now as we look ahead to the next phase, we want to further enhance our leadership along the
digital innovation curve. We plan to expand the capabilities by scaling our cloud capabilities
even further, expanding our digital work, expanding on our automation, increase relevance
with large enterprises and the technology native companies and strengthen our employee value
proposition. Our focus on staying ahead in the cloud and digital ecosystem, and the focus on
employees, and some of the costs which are coming back after the COVID phase is behind us,
result in operating margin guidance to be at 21% to 23% for FY23.
With that, let me pause and open it up for questions.
