
Thank you. We have covered all our questions from our friends from media. Chandra, I can
give you time for one more question and I have one more question from The Economic Times
on text. Swati, one question please.
Swati Moorthy
18I want to ask more about the metaverse, which you said? When we spoke to Ravi, I think couple
of months back he told about you are in conversation with lot of clients but how are you actually
looking at it? Is it going to be a separate service unit? What is the scale of people working here
and any metrics you can share? Internally are you looking at any metrics to measure because
suddenly everyone is like talking about Metaverse and actively looking at and in talks with
clients to take this forward?
Salil Parekh
So the metaverse foundry launch was a huge success for us. What we have are a set of assets,
which form a part of this metaverse foundry. These are ways in which we can help our clients
as they are considering their journey into the Metaverse. So let us say there are different
segments in the manufacturing segment. There are clients who are considering how they can
use this in terms of replicating actions on a factory floor and on training on various areas. When
you are in retail, people are looking at the metaverse concept to demonstrate various aspects of
their products to engage with the new customer who is more present in the metaverse. We have
created a set of asset which can help our clients to engage in that activity and there are several
discussions which are ongoing which give us good comfort that this is starting to become
important. Internally we have some goals we have set for ourselves, which we want to drive
through and as and when we see some of those things that we can share outside as well.
Those are internal goals because we see some of the things that we have in place there, are
giving us tremendous traction. We will also have this as part of the living labs that we have in
different locations all around. We will also have this when we do events with clients. We have
a way to showcase some of this and so it is starting to come into it, but there are some internal
goals we have set for this.
