
Thank you. I am going to move to the questions to our journalist friends who are present here
and then return to some of the questions we have received from broadcast media on text, so I
am going to go the Economic Times. Sai Ishwar joins us in-person, Sai why don’t you ask your
question?
Sai Ishwar
Hi, Sir, could you tell us like recently in a brokerage event you said your products and platform
businesses are doing well, so could you give us some color on what is happening there? Also,
could you tell us what percentage of your revenue is from the platform business? And also
talking about this recent influx of GCCs in India from global MNCs, so have you entered into
any partnerships recently and do you see that also adding revenue or expanding your
partnerships with global companies? Thanks.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for that question. I think on the platforms and products, so first we have a very strong
business as you know in Finacle in the banking sector, it is a completely digital core banking
product today and we see continued traction in the growth that we are seeing there. We do not
break that out individually, but we see good traction with that business. We also put together
other platforms, for example we have a platform called Equinox, this platform is focused on e-
6commerce, on retail companies. We had a large deal win in Q4 which is built on the Equinox
platform, and we are starting to see traction across multiple of these areas that we’ve put in
place. We have also had a platform on insurance with McCamish which is working well. We
do not disclose the platform and product revenue break up, but we are comfortable with how
we are seeing the growth and the traction in that at this stage.
We have very strong partnerships with the global companies that have centers in India and we
see a lifecycle with them at the early stages so if we look back 5-10 years and as you look ahead
at the early stages there is a strong interest in partnering as they are scaling up, in the middle
stages to make sure there is more efficiency and in the later stages to see if we can take those
over and transform them and we are working with clients in all these different stages. We are
in conversations, in actual work with clients where they are building out a new capability, we
are in discussions with clients where they are looking to see if there is something we can take
over and transform completely and all of that in between. Those are very important locations
for the global clients, these are places from where the leadership of these centers in India are
making global decisions for the companies and we are quite fortunate that we are partnering
with many of them.
