: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raghunandan from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.
Raghunandan NL: First question was to Shashank. On retail market share, would it be over 50% in FY 2021, if I
also include the sales of Toyota? And also, global Suzuki had indicated in February that India
market share, the aspiration is to hold on to 50% over the medium-term, if you can add some
colour on efforts to sustain the market share.
My second question is, can you share the first-time replacement and additional buyer mix for a
FY 2021? Also, by when would you expect some kind of recovery to pan out on the replacement
demand side?
Shashank Srivastava: So, on your first question on the retail market share. As you know, this data is generally shared
across in the industry. It's not a definitive data. However, from the current available information,
Maruti Suzuki's retail market share is just under 50% on its own. And yes, if you add Glanza
and Urban Cruiser to that number, it does cross in fact 51% for the financial year 2020-2021.
On the other question about the market profile, as far as the first-time buyer and the replacement
buying is concerned, the first-time buying, as we have been repeatedly saying, has gone up by
about 3.5%. And additional car buying has also gone up by almost the same percentage, it is
about 3.6%. And the additional car buying is what has come down from I think 26.4% to 19.5%.
So, the first-time buyer, going up from 43.4% to 46.9%, up by 3.5%. Replacement buying
coming down 26.4% to 19.5%, which is almost 7%. Additional car buying going up from 30.1%
to 33.7%. There seemed to have been a little bounce back in Q4 for replacement buying, but we
find again in this month the replacement buying in that range of around 18%. So, I am not sure
replacement buying is actually quite closely related to the sentiments, again, because people will
tend to hold back to their older vehicles and not upgrade if they are not sure of the situation. So,
I think it's difficult to predict when the replacement car buying will come down to the previous
levels. But I think we did find that when the thing became a little more normal in Q3 and early
part of Q4, the replacement buying was coming very close to that figure of 25%.
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 27th April 2021 9 | PageRaghunandan NL: Thank you, sir. That was very helpful. I had also asked, like global Suzuki had indicated
aspiration to sustain 50% share over the next five years, and in the February presentation they
had indicated efforts on SUVs, CNG and strengthening of sales infrastructure. So, if you can
add some colour on efforts to sustain that 50% or the dominant mark over the medium term?
Thank you.
Shashank Srivastava: Yes. So, I think that 50% is sort of a figure which we look at whenever we are looking at industry
size and how much is the projections and what Maruti needs to do to attain that sort of market
share. So, if there isn't any indication, if you look at figures for last year, for example, 2020-
2021, the market share for Maruti Suzuki in the passenger car segment, which is A segment, is
almost 63%. In C, which is the van segment, it is now 97.3%, up by 7.7%. In MPV, the market
share is 56.9%, again, up by 7%. So, without the SUV the market share is 64%, it is up by 1%
over last year. However, when you look at the overall picture with the SUV, and that is where I
think the issue is, our market share is just 13.2%, although we are the market leader by far, as
far as the entry SUV is concerned. In the mid SUV, I think the S-Cross' performance has been
suboptimal. That is where our market share gets pulled down from 64% without SUV to 48%
last year, if you include the SUV. So, I think it's clear, we need to focus on our products plan in
that segment. And we are obviously looking at those white spaces, and also those red spaces I
keep talking about where our market share is low. But also continuing our dominance, including
in the fuel efficiency and the part where CNG has come out as a very good option. As was being
mentioned by Ajay Seth in his opening remarks, CNG has also proved to be a great source of
good market share for us. So, I think these are some of the factors which we take into account.
And obviously, it has to be backed up not only with product plans, but with our network
expansion as well, which we continue to do, and in our overall plan so that we keep the high
market shares, which was indicated in the Suzuki's press conference.
