: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pramod Kumar from Goldman Sachs. Please
go ahead.
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 27th April 2021 5 | PagePramod Kumar: My first question is kind of continuing with what Kapil was asking on the demand side, can you
please help us understand where were you in terms of the order book from dealers and inventory
at dealers before these local lockdown kicked in? And any specific colour if you want to share
about performance of the semi-urban and the rural pockets, especially your extended sales outlet,
how are they performing in terms of how much of your sales network is up and running at this
point of time? So, some color on those lines. That's the first question.
Shashank Srivastava: Yes. So, I think the question had two parts, I think basically enquiring about the network stock
and also the factory stock, I think that is the first question relating to it. So, the network stock at
the beginning of the month was around 32,000. And currently, it is about 85,000-90,000. So,
that is as far as the stock, it is still less than what is our normal stock, which is usually 135,000
to 140,000. Is that the question or is there some additional information that you want?
Pramod Kumar: The additional information was, what is the current dealer order backlog what you are carrying?
Shashank Srivastava: So, the current pending bookings, which we have is just above 200,000. On the rural-urban, we
saw, and it was, I think, reported in the press conference also, the rural growth last year was
about 7%. And therefore, the overall increase in the rural contribution to the total sales was about
2.5%. So, from about 38.5%, it has now gone up to 41% in terms of contribution. Going forward,
I think the rural demand still continues to hold, although in the Q4 of last year urban demand
also came back strongly. But going forward, I think, given the kharif sowing being very good,
the rabi crop also being very good and the monsoon is expected to be near normal. As of now,
it appears that the rural would continue to see the upswing, which we have seen in the recent
past.
Pramod Kumar: Thank you. And Ajay, this question is for you. If you can just help us understand, what has been
the exact extent of price increases what you have taken in January-April? And how much of
further commodity pressure is still lying with the company in terms of which has not been spiced
out yet to the market? And related to that is the cost reduction effort outside of commodities
what you are kind of undertaking, I am pretty sure you are working on all of these. And if you
can just help us understand how meaningful they could be, and by when can we expect these
cost reduction efforts to kick in?
Ajay Seth: So, we took an increase in the fourth quarter, which was partial because we had some extension
of price protection for some period. But we did get an impact of some increase, but that increase
was smaller, I think it was under 1%, between 0.75% and 0.8%, something like that for the
quarter. And we have taken another price increase which was recently announced in the week of
April, I think around 10th April, and that price increase, as we have mentioned in the stock
exchanges is 1.25% average. So, that is what we have done so far. And I think the impact of
fourth quarter price increase will fully also come in in the first quarter of the next year. And this
new price increase impact will also come, if not for the full quarter, but most of the quarter. So,
that is one.
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 27th April 2021 6 | PageCommodity, unfortunately commodity increase has been very, very steep. In the fourth quarter,
and earlier also I mentioned in my last conference call that the bulk of the impact is going to
come in the fourth quarter. So, commodity impact, if we were to look at commodity impact, it's
almost close to what 400 basis points in this quarter, compared to last year same quarter. Even
sequentially the impact is quite big because the impact was not so much in the third quarter as it
is now. So, even think sequentially the impact will be slightly under 3%. Now, obviously, there
are various things that we would do, price increase is what something we have done, but we are
now working on our internal plan of mitigating the impact on seeing how we can reduce
improvement of yield and how we can reduce consumption of some of these precious metals and
kind of make up there. Plus, as I mentioned, these two price increases also will help in partially
mitigating the impact.
So, these are various action points that we are doing. And we are hopeful at some point in time
the commodities will stabilize, and you might also start seeing some reversal as well, where they
can't indefinitely continue to keep rising. And we will take collaborative calls based on where
we are at that point in time.
