: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal Financial
Services. Please go ahead.
Jinesh Gandhi: Sir, first, can you share some data points on discounts, export and spares revenues?
Ajay Seth: Pradeep, can you give the numbers, please?
Pradeep Garg: Yes. So, discounts this quarter were at about INR 16,600 per vehicle. And export sales were
about INR 1,745 crores.
Jinesh Gandhi: And spare part sales?
Ajay Seth: We normally do not give this guidance of spare parts separately, Jinesh. We just got a
consolidated number. The breakup is available in the annual report, so you can get an idea from
there.
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 27th April 2021 10 |
PageJinesh Gandhi: Sure. I will wait for that. Sir, just to clarify, you said price increase benefit in fourth quarter was
about 0.75% to 0.8%, so that is the volume weighted price increase, which you are indicating
for fourth quarter.
Shashank Srivastava: Yes. So, I mentioned that this is the kind of price increase that will slip in into the next year.
And this increase was partial in the fourth quarter, I think it was there for two months and not
full three months. Two and a half months, I think, 15 days we had some price protection scheme
that worked. So, you will get it for that period. And further to that, we have had another price
increase in April, so that's in the vicinity of about 1.25%, as I mentioned, on an average.
Jinesh Gandhi: Okay, got it. And lastly, with respect to the RM cost inflation, based on the current spot prices
or residual impact, which is still pending, what is your assessment of further impact which could
be seen in 1Q on RM cost basis?
Ajay Seth: We see some more impact in the first quarter because the prices of both steel as well as rhodium
and palladium are elevated from the levels that we have seen at the closing of the fourth quarter.
Because please remember that our prices are with a quarter lag. So, what you will see in first
quarter will be the fourth quarter prices, and what you will see in the second quarter will be the
first quarter prices.
Jinesh Gandhi: Right. But would it be as much as what we have seen in fourth quarter?
Ajay Seth: No, it may not be as steep as you have seen in this quarter, this quarter was like absolutely
unprecedented. But I think there will be some increase, we can't put a number to it as of now,
but there will be some increase as indicated by supply chain that the steel makers have sought
increase as well as rhodium and palladium prices have gone up on the levels where they closed
last.
Jinesh Gandhi: Okay. And lastly, any update on re -entry into diesel considering diesel continues to be preferred
fuel in SUV category?
Rahul Bharti: So, we had always mentioned that we are keeping the flexibility of that option, depending upon
the market conditions and how attractive it is. But let me caution you, the regulatory roadmap
for diesel is going to be very, very tough and uneconomical going in the future. We had BS-VI,
after BS-VI we have RDE, after RDE we have conformity factors which are getting more and
more stringent. So, we have to keep that in mind.
