: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Sarda from Systematix Shares. Please
go ahead.
Ronak Sarda: Sir, my first question is on the supply chain side, I mean, I understand we are able to navigate
the chips side, but the capacity constraints are impacting our wholesale or inflating to the
increase in order book at dealer level. So, any thoughts on realigning the capacities to better
selling model over the next one or two years? Or will that help us improve our retail sales versus
the wholesale, sir?
Rahul Bharti: So, the third plant at Gujarat has just become operational. And after a ramp-up, it will be ready
to generate about 250,000 per annum. And we will keep watching the situation, there would be
some productivity stretch also that might be possible. It's always a very difficult question, we
have to balance between overcapacity and unserviced demand. So, the ideal condition, of course,
is close to 100% utilization. But this plant will give us good volumes.
Ronak Sarda: And have we decided will this be mainly servicing towards Baleno and Brezza demand, can you
highlight?
Rahul Bharti: These days plant capacity is mostly flexible across models.
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 27th April 2021 13 |
PageRonak Sarda: And the second question is to Shashank. Sir, I understand the Vitara Brezza is more of the real
SUV versus the competition, which is more of a crossover or a car structure in SUV shape. One,
does the customer understand the difference between riding a real SUV versus, let's say, more
of a crossover product? And second, is there a cost advantage to launch a product similar to
competition? Does that take care of a price point at a lower level?
Shashank Srivastava: I am not sure what your question exactly is. Is the question about that can the customer
distinguish between crossover and pure SUVs?
Ronak Sarda: Right. So, like Brezza is a derivation of the Grand Vitara, so the suspension or the ride feel is
more like a real SUV or the larger SUV versus, let's say, the competition.
Shashank Srivastava: Yes. That's right. So, the short answer is, yes, I think the customer does distinguish between the
two. However, this SUV customer in India is a little different from what you find in Europe or
Latin America, or U.S., in the sense that ours is largely a two wheel drive. So, it's not used really
for off-roading. But the stance of riding that it provides, the big ground clearance, the larger
tires, those are the things which the customer is looking for in an SUV. And I think the customer
is able to distinguish between a crossover and the SUV.
Ronak Sarda: Right. So, the related question is, when do you see there is a price point to launch a more of a
cross-over product? I mean, is there opportunity to launch, let's say, a similar looking product at
a lower price point because you have removed certain features of a real SUV. So, is there a
thought process to launch similar products?
Shashank Srivastava: So, I think as far as product plan goes, the real saving in terms of entry SUV in India, whether it
is a Sonet or a EcoSport or Nexon or a Venue or a Breeza, or Urban Cruiser or XUV300 is really
the size of the vehicle being four meter below, rather than those other functionalities of SUV
that you are referring to. And the second point, yes, as far as one of the product planning
principles is, given a platform, if you can build a SUV-ish like a vehicle, yes, the common
components always lead to more localization and also bigger cost advantage. So, yes, the
opportunity does exist in that direction.
