: Thank you. The last question is from the line of Binay Singh from Morgan Stanley. Please go
ahead.
Binay Singh: In the past calls, we have often talked about SUVs, Suzuki has also talked about importance of
SUVs. Yet over the last few years we see Maruti losing market share on that side. So, could you
talk a little bit about what are you planning on the product side? Do we see the company doing
something to address that gap in this financial year? Or is it more like a longer-term aspiration
to address the SUV gap that something comes out in the next three, four years? So, could you
talk a little bit, I know you won't talk about specific products, but could you share something
maybe on the timeline by which you expect sort of a more fuller SUV portfolio?
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 27th April 2021 14 |
PageShashank Srivastava: So, I think, yes, I did mention it, that as far as retaining that large market share, one of the
constraint seems to be our current market share in SUV segment seems to be low. However, I
must say that if you further dissect that in the entry-SUV, of course, we are the market leaders
with Brezza. So, is it a mid-SUV? Premium-SUV segment is actually very small, contributing
to just 0.8% of the overall sales. Whereas the entry-SUV and the mid-SUV which are larger,
16.4% entry-SUV and 14.7% mid-SUV. In the mid-SUV, our market share is actually quite low,
even though Brezza is a leading in the entry-SUV. In the mid-SUV we have the S-Cross, which
we recently launched with a new engine in August. And I think it has given us suboptimal
numbers so far, which we intend to increase in the coming years. Of course, as far as the overall
product plan for SUVs is concerned, as I mentioned, we keep looking at those red and white
spots. White if there is an opening, red where we are poor. So, yes, we will have a product plan,
but I am really constrained, I really can't speak about the future product plan in that segment.
But yes, we are cognizant of the fact and we are looking at this segment very, very carefully.
And definitely we will see some action there.
Binay Singh: Okay. And lastly a question, like Rahul mentioned that the company, in fact, is working on
localizing some of the battery parts on the hybrid or on the EV side. Could you give a little bit
of an update on when do we see the first set of battery packs coming from that facility?
Rahul Bharti: The facility is already doing test production. So, commissioning is over, it's doing test
production.
Binay Singh: So, is it fair that this will basically first go into the hybrid that we will launch closer to the CAFÉ
rollout?
Rahul Bharti: See, we don't have much EV volumes as of now. So, at least we have volumes in mild hybrids
to start with. So, we have to maximize our volumes. So, we will work according to that.
