:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus. Please go
ahead.
Rohan Mandora:
If you can share segment wise collection trends seen in April in the retail portfolio. Also
a second related question was within the vehicle disbursements that we are doing by
value, what percentage of that portfolio would have credit decision-making without any
manual intervention, and within that which products will have a higher share? Basically
it is all machine learning and AI-driven credit decision making?
Page 19 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
Rakesh Jha:
In terms of the retail collection, I think April is just way too early to comment on, even as
we see those trends, it is just too early. It is logical to expect that all lenders would have
seen some impact of the second wave on the collections and for us it would be no
different. But like I said, I think we have to wait for a month or two to really gauge how
this plays out and how things evolve. Again from last year, our experience was it is better
not to jump to conclusions very soon. We will have to wait and see. On the portfolio,
Anup talked about on how we have been focused in terms of our underwriting. So we
are confident that it should play out well.
Anup Bagchi:
On the underwriting part, first is that unsecured lending is to better pre-approved
customers and through straight through processing. On the business banking and other
parts, in addition to complete straight through processing, score cards really help. We
have seen that as the ticket sizes come down and as the portfolio which has large
numbers coming in, score cards give a much better output than human intervention in
credit decisioning with its own flavors of overriding the credit. So, we have seen time
and again that scorecard gives you better credit decisioning but you have to keep
updating the scorecard with the inputs and the learning that you get from this credit. So
basically you have to keep refreshing the scorecards, but it takes away the bias in credit
decisioning when you have very large number of cases. On the unsecured side, the
beauty is that you can do full straight through processing. For example, on the credit card
and personal loan side with the video KYC coming in, it is like complete straight through
processing. And when you do it to your own customers, it is even better. We have solid
underwriting abilities and credit delivery processes. Artificial intelligence, machine
learning is used to figure out patterns and most importantly in getting the feedback of
the early warning signal back into credit underwriting processes. The biggest learning
essentially comes from cases which become overdue because they are from a pre-
delinquency management and the cases which will become overdue because they
actually give a lot of feedback about updating scorecard, credit models to ensure that we
are going exactly where we would want to go. I would not say that for a larger loan, but
for retail essentially the ROA comes from NIM plus fees, less cost of acquisition, less
operating expenses, less cost of collection, less credit cost and that is where it flows. We
Page 20 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
can actually do intervention basis micro market, the customer segment on the yields and
fees. Internally also there is a lot of scope on cost of acquisition if we lend to our internal
customers, reducing the operating expenses which can be done through digital models
and making it straight through and decongesting our processes completely and
collection costs by making sure that we do pre-delinquency management and
predominantly most of our collections is now digital. It is not physical at all. Thus when
we select the profile, the client segment and the product properly, we also manage the
credit cost. So, all the seven variables we look at it as one, we don't look at individual
variables in isolation. We don't think that's the right way of looking at a business in retail
because we have opportunities everywhere. However, as we move up that is on the
business loans and SMEs, because the number of cases are small, it is not that much
amenable to artificial intelligence and machine learning, but you do get on sectors. There
the artificial intelligence and machine learning essentially comes in early warning signals,
credit summation, which is the inflows and outflows. So, there's a lot of work that we do
on the inflows and outflows and ensure whether there is volatility or whether there is
stability, whether it is increasing, decreasing etc., The credit decisioning essentially
happens on the scorecard which again gets used when we get input from all these
variables back into the model. In case of mortgage, is more difficult because
unfortunately the collateral part of the mortgage is not standardized, the title searches
are not so much online. Where we have a very large collateral, the value of the collateral
that today is not very amenable to full digitization. But the good thing is that even the
land titles, etc., are becoming digital as we move on. We have seen for example, in auto
VAHAN coming in and there are a lot of stuff which is getting more digital and so our
ability to check fraud and other things is improving by the day. We feel that going
forward, we are convinced that digital using artificial intelligence and machine learning,
using everything which is available digitally but putting it altogether and synthesizing it
is the way to go. It reduces internal cost, congestion in the processes and helps us in our
ability to pick up good customers at a faster speed.
