:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adarsh Parasrampuria from CLSA. Please
go ahead.
Adarsh Parasrampuria:
Two questions. First to Vishakha. There is a fairly strong bounce back in corporate
profitability after five years. Just wanted to understand that profitability bounce is quite
strong given the things that we're doing now, right, at 70% AAA, AA, A, is that a
sustainable profitability for the corporate book? I think it looks like 1.8% on pre-tax basis.
Page 24 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
Vishakha Mulye:
The most important thing as I said that there are two-three principles that we are
following; one is return of capital is the paramount underlying principle and we look at
risk calibrated operating profit. If you look at our growth in the last three to four years, as
I said, depending upon the market conditions, performing loan book has grown between
10% to 15%. Second driver for the profitability is that we look at not only providing the
solution to the corporates but also to the entire ecosystem. Therefore, there are various
drivers of the fee income. We try to capture the entire ecosystem of the corporates,
including the money in motion within the ecosystem. This further drives addition to the
NII that we have, of course providing the solution on the transaction banking side,
providing the solution on the forex and derivatives side. We also have been ranked as
number one on the Prime league table for the bonds. So depending upon the market
condition, we provide solutions to our corporates in terms of underwriting the large bond
issuances and then distributing it in the market. Similarly, when it comes to the various
segments that I spoke about, there are new segments of the clients that we have started
focusing on. In addition to the traditional manufacturing, the other focus area that we
have identified is the entire service sector. We are focusing largely on the entire
institutional investors, we call it as Financial sponsors, and provide the complete solution
to them in terms of not only giving them services at their level. If I take an example of a
financial sponsor, not only providing the solution at the AMC level, but at a fund level
including the investee company level. So, I think if you look at the overall offering for the
corporate that we have created and the franchises that we have built over the last four
years with underlying principle of return of capital, I'm quite confident that the franchise
is sustainable and delivering the results that we have seen in the past.
Adarsh Parasrampuria:
Second question, broadly I am asking specific numbers. On the retail slippages could
you indicate or just quantify what the mortgage slippages could have been? The reason
why I'm asking that is that may really not require a 70%, 80% cover, right, which we have
in our NPA book. So, if you can just quantify out of the Rs. 125 billion or Rs. 130 billion
of slippages, how much is mortgages this year?
Page 25 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
Rakesh Jha:
We have not given that break up, but like we said earlier, given that the EMI is high in
case of mortgage loans, we do expect some near term impact of the lockdown of last
year and the moratorium period which was there. So, the mortgage NPLs would have
gone up however we have not given that breakup separately.
Adarsh Parasrampuria:
Rakesh, the only purpose of asking that is unlike unsecured book or even vehicles, the
LGD in the portfolio can be quite low, right, so somebody not able to pay EMI for a few
months, but eventually, you're not likely to lose 70, 80 cents to a dollar?
Rakesh Jha:
You can assume we have more some more buffer in the coverage ratio than that.
