:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Shukla from Citigroup. Please
go ahead.
Manish Shukla:
So, first question is on fees. Despite the strong balance sheet growth and probably the
base effect of March 2020, fee income growth looks muted. Anything there?
Rakesh Jha:
I think if we look at the trends that we have been seeing, in the first quarter, we were
down about 30% y-o-y and from there on, the y-o-y numbers have been improving for
us. I think in the last quarter, we were pretty much flat and now we are at about a 6%
growth. I think for us maybe on the corporate side, the loan processing fees, that is
Page 27 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
something which will not have grown or declined a bit, because that is not the focus area
for us. Other fee revenues have been doing well, the retail lending linked fees or the other
fees post the first half of the year when the decline was there. So, nothing really to worry
on that trend. As we have said earlier, I think each of the businesses looks at the core
operating profit as the key metric. So, it's a combination of NII, fees and expenses, and
we try to optimize the three levers to get the best outcome possible on a risk calibrated
basis for the core operating profit.
Manish Shukla:
But Rakesh, retail would be about 75% of fees, right, that at least should have seen a
healthy double digit growth given especially the base effect and balance sheet growth?
Rakesh Jha:
It's about 10% y-o-y growth which was there. So, if you look at the various fee items
which are there, for example, third-party distribution may not have grown as much as for
us, as you will see for other banks, lending linked fees would have definitely grown. So,
as I said, it's a quarter-on-quarter kind of a thing. Overall, this is actually pretty much in
line with the trend that we were expecting for the quarter.
Manish Shukla:
Despite the steady increase in share of retail and SME assets, cost-to-income has been
trending down gradually. Do you think directionally this can still continue?
Rakesh Jha:
So, again, I will not talk about the near-term, but in the medium-term, as we target to
grow our risk calibrated core operating profit, one of the drivers will definitely be to grow
our revenues faster than expenses. And that is a focus area for us. So, we definitely
believe that in the medium to long term, that's something which should happen. We don't
have any internal metric or a number that we are targeting there or any timeline for that.
But just the focus on the core operating profit, I think expenses is also an important
variable to manage that. But we would continue to make investments or make expenses,
capital expenditure or revenue for all areas where we believe it will help us in the long-
Page 28 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
term for franchise, technology distribution, people, all of those expenses, we will make,
if required, we will make them upfront as well. So, that's how we look at it, Manish.
