:
Thank you. We'll be able to take one last question from the line of Krishnan from HDFC
Securities. Please go ahead.
Krishnan:
I had two questions. One, whether you have any fungibility to move housing loan assets
from the home finance portfolio to the Bank portfolio at all. Is that something that has
happened in this last year, because most of your retail growth has not come on personal
loans or credit cards, but seem to have come on the back of the housing loan portfolio
this time around. Just wanted to make sure that it’s all organic and there is no fungibility,
even if that's something allowed? Number two, wanted to understand just on the credit
card portfolio that you have incrementally been building. Obviously the competitive
intensity coming off has been a tailwind for you. Just wanted to understand how would
you look at raising the receivables on the card portfolio given that one of the big metrics
that you should ideally try to maximize, you are about 20% below where the peers seem
to be. So if you could just help us understand what are you doing about raising the
receivables for card?
Anup Bagchi:
Krishnan, Part-A are HFC assets moving to the bank. Actually if you look at the number,
HFC’s portfolio is very small, it is about 5% of the mortgage portfolio of ICICI Bank. So,
there is nothing material which will move from there to here. It's all organic within ICICI
Bank and that is the way one should look at it. Second one is on credit cards. Two, three
things. First is that from a credit card perspective, you would have seen that the numbers
of credit cards that we are issuing is very healthy. We look at credit card from two angles.
Credit card is one of the high frequency usage product and the brand gets reinforced
every time you use a credit card and if it is ICICI Bank credit card and you're fetching
credit card or using credit card, the brand gets reinforced. It is one of the very few high
frequency products. So, we look at credit card also from a liability perspective and make
sure that the customer is primary with us. That is one. Second one also is that the credit
Page 29 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
card is a very profitable portfolio and on credit card you make some money on spends
and some money on revolvers. The money that we make on revolvers depends on what
kind of revolvers we have. We always like episodic revolvers who are people who revolve
from time-to-time but they are not chronic revolvers. That is one mining we continuously
keep doing. And that is our approach. Our approach is not just growing the book on the
credit card. We would want to have a healthy mix of making customers primary, having
not only large spenders also but also episodic revolvers. We don't like chronic revolvers
on our books, chronic revolvers in general do badly over a cycle.
Krishnan:
My only point was you and a few other issuers obviously have now mastered or perfected
the art of delivering 4.5%, 5%, 6% ROA on the credit card because you have higher set
of security in running that. But now it's about where you can take the unit to profitability
because everybody can generate a 5% or 4.5% when you give or take 50 basis, 100 basis
points, everybody is there and thereabouts in which is a mature player. From a unit
profitability perspective, one of the big variables will be receivable per card which is
where you have been generally conservative given the kind of episode that happened
the last time. I just wanted to understand what can you do about that?
Anup Bagchi:
It's an important question. There we keep experimenting with receivables per card. And
we don't look at averages, we look at distribution very closely. When we look at
distribution, we also look at the stability of the distribution closely as to how many are
episodic, how many are chronic, because chronic revolvers obviously are very profitable
for some time and then they just go out of the system. So, that is one experiment that
we continuously keep doing within our micro segment of customers. As you know there
is no sort of perfect answer, it is a science, but it's also an art and art comes to science
and that cycle keeps moving in credit card. Also, the function is we have seen in this
COVID time, it hasn't behaved much worse because now over a period of time it is
becoming a very important source of credit. And in tough times people do require
sometimes one month of serving the extra credit. And that comes by way of credit cards,
because they can repay at will. So, that is another behavior change or behavior that we
have seen in COVID. So, it is behaving reasonably well. But it's a function of
Page 30 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
experimentation that we keep doing. We experiment small and we test and learn and
then we scale up and then we kill some segments which don't prove to be a winner. So,
that's a constant thing. But will we go and aggressively increase our receivable for card
without testing? The answer is no.
