:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh from JP Morgan, please go
ahead.
Saurabh:
I had two questions. One is can you indicate what is the technology spends to revenue,
if you can just give what this number would have been for the last year and year before
last? And secondly, just on the corporate banking, how would the operating profit
margins be in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020?
Rakesh Jha:
We don't disclose the technology spends separately. Again, there is no uniform way of
doing that across banks. Like I said earlier, I think in terms of all the investments that are
required, we are very happy to make them. If I look at our operating expenses, our capital
expenditure, the line item which has been growing for us is indeed the technology
expenses and other franchise-related expenses. On the corporate side, there are a couple
of things; one, of course is if you look at below the operating margin, the provisions like
Vishakha was mentioning earlier, within the last couple of years we have not really seen
Page 26 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
much NPA additions. So, the provisions pretty much had normalized for that part of the
portfolio in the last financial year. On the operating profit, I think what we have been able
to do is to kind of maintain that or see some slight improvement despite the increased
focus on better rated exposures. So, the way we look at it is, one, of course, is just the
corporate part of the business, in which itself, we would have been able to do that. The
lower cost of deposits has definitely helped there, as well as the focus that Vishakha
talked about on the transaction banking. What has reduced for us, Saurabh, and that
would have had some impact on a y-o-y basis, is the loan processing or the credit linked
fees which is there because that's something which you don't really get if you're lending
primarily to ‘A and above’ rated clients. But other than that, we would have seen an
improvement in other aspects. And more importantly, I think the entire focus for us has
been on the ecosystem. So, we don't look at just what we are making from the corporate
client or what opportunities are there with the corporate client. Along with the retail team,
the corporate team works to look at what all we can do with the employees of the
corporate on raising deposits, issuing credit cards, lending. Similarly, on the dealer,
vendor, the SME part of the business also works along. So, what we look at is not just
the corporate revenue but also the retail and the SME piece in aggregate. That focus has
really sharpened over the last I would say 12 months or so, and that is something which
is very helpful in maintaining the profitability despite the focus on the higher rated clients.
