:
Thank you very much. We will now begin the questions-and-answer session. The first
question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Elara Capital. Please go ahead.
Page 15 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
Mahrukh Adajania:
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, in terms of credit costs, now that you continue to
hold good enough COVID provision, can we still expect the credit cost to be in the range
of 1.2% to 1.3% in FY2022, despite the second wave of Covid-19?
Rakesh Jha:
Mahrukh, given the current second wave of COVID that we are seeing, I think we will
have to just wait and see how this plays out over the next month or two before kind of
making firm comments on the credit cost. As I said, we are confident about the portfolio
in terms of the underwriting that we have done. We have stuck to stronger profiles in
terms of underwriting plus from a balance sheet point of view, the NPAs are well covered.
We are carrying surplus provisions of slightly over 1% of loans. All of that does give us
confidence. But as we have said earlier also, the pandemic trajectory is something that
we cannot predict, and that's something we will have to just see and right now, it's very
difficult to comment on that given the situation which is there.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Also, when you give the granular details of BB and below, you no longer include the
power sector account. Has that been upgraded now because there has been a decent
size of upgrades in the BB and below? You had earlier included a power account in the
lumpy BB and below accounts. Now it's only telecom and construction.
Rakesh Jha:
Whatever exceeds a particular size is what we give. There were questions earlier about
the lumpiness in that portfolio. So, we give the loans which are above Rs. 6 billion. The
sector which is not referred, it could either have been removed or would have gone
below Rs. 6 billion. We don't comment on that individually.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Just one last question which is on slippages. Basically, the pre-COVID the retail slippages
were around Rs. 20 billion per quarter or under that. After COVID, they have risen to
Page 16 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
around Rs. 44 billion in Q4-2021. In how many quarters do you expect the retail slippages
to go back to the normalized level or somewhere close to the normalized level?
Rakesh Jha:
Mahrukh, there are a few things. One of course, is that our retail portfolio itself has grown
significantly over the last two or three years. Further, on the portfolio itself, aside from
the pandemic, even prior to that, we had said that we will see some increase in addition
to NPAs as the portfolio kind of seasons. So, that impact was anyway expected. Also, on
the retail side, it's very important to see both gross additions as well as the gross
deletions and upgrades, because that's something which happens on a continuous basis.
Right now, again, given the second wave of COVID that we are seeing currently, we'll
have to just wait and see how this trajectory unfolds, how the vaccination drive kind of
goes ahead, what steps are taken in terms of lockdowns and restrictions. So, all of that
we will have to kind of wait and watch for maybe a month or two, before one can
comment on a more precise outlook.
Mahrukh Adajania:
What is the employee count?
Rakesh Jha:
It's about 98,750.
