:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from B&K Securities, please go
ahead.
Jai Mundhra:
I have a question on mortgage book. So, this is the largest segment for ICICI Bank which
is now about 33% of the overall loan book. If I look at the same business that we're doing
in the subsidiary, where the GNPA or the stage-3 number is around 6% to 7%. So, wanted
to get more clarification, that why is there so divergent asset quality performance
between the mortgage business that is done by the Bank and ICICI Home Finance?
Anup Bagchi:
ICICI Home Finance now is completely focused on the affordable segment, so its balance
sheet is getting transformed. You see a slightly elevated credit cost and NPA ratios there
because of some builder finance and old portfolio, on which we had sort of made
provisioning in an accelerated manner. So, ICICI HFC is focusing on the affordable
segment. The rest of the mortgage is in the Bank which is as you know is very stable and
its asset quality is fine. So, that is why the divergence.
Page 23 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
Jai Mundra:
Second question is on the core operating profit side, so you have done an exceptionally
good job and we have been consistent in above 15% y-o-y growth. I just wanted to
understand the impact of the second wave, while we have some cushion on the
provisioning and we have even made adequate provisioning on existing NPA, but if you
can highlight any cushion, if I may use that word, or how are you looking at protecting
that 15% growth in the core operating earnings amid the second wave. How would you
assess the risk of this 15%-plus growth on core operating profit earnings from second
wave?
Rakesh Jha:
Again, it is too early to kind of quantify what that impact could be. I think, if you go back
to last year, what we had seen that for a period of a few months, the loan demand was
lower, the collections were impacted. So, we have to see how it plays out. Our focus is
to ensure that we continue to raise low-cost deposits, keep our cost of deposits amongst
the best in the industry, which then allows us to do well-rated lending, while earning a
good amount of spread as well. So, for us, that is the key focus and then continue to be
efficient in terms of expenses and focus on the core fee franchise. But all of this is with
the focus on core operating profit. So, it's very difficult to say, how it will get impacted. If
things go really bad, of course, we will calibrate our growth also accordingly. So, let's see
how it plays out. We are confident about calibrating our approach towards risk-return,
growth based on the evolving trajectory of the pandemic. I think in the next month or
two, one will have a pretty good sense of that.
