:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Murarka from IIFL Capital.
Please go ahead.
Page 21 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
Abhishek Murarka:
I have one question on the payments disclosure that you have made. So, in debit cards,
the value and volume both have fallen and in the last quarter you had mentioned that
some inactive cards are being culled. But this quarter the drop in the number of cards is
actually quite sharp and same with the volume. The second observation is that in UPI
P2M even those volumes and values have fallen, and I would have thought that if UPI is
actually cannibalizing some of the card payments, at least volumes would have increased
there. So, can you just sort of elaborate on what should be happening on the payment
instrument and the payment volume side?
Anup Bagchi:
On the number of debit cards, we are sort of flushing the inactive cards out of the system,
which is why you will see that the number of cards would have fallen. As far as share is
concerned, the debit card market share has not moved. However, if you look at different
payment systems, UPI certainly will over a period of time, put pressure on debit cards
because the proposition of UPI is almost as strong as a debit card proposition. So, that
is what is going to happen. Between credit cards and other modes of payment we don't
think that the cannibalization will be that fast. So, we'll have to look at all payments system
and our bet is that we have to keep betting on all payment systems and things which are
growing. We have to ensure that we partner, make it open architecture like what we have
done. We are sort of very clear that that is the way to go. As you know payments
standalone may or may not make you money, for us, it will never make money on a
standalone basis fully. But for us, the moment we get more and more digital footprint we
are able to put it in the underwriting because it is a behavioral data and the velocity of
the data is more important than the static data. Earlier it used to be static data only on
demographics, age, etc. It's not that static data is not important, but it is important to keep
capturing data with high velocity and the behavioral characteristics that helps us
underwrite better. So, we can use the data to underwrite and we are using that data to
underwrite. Now we are seeing in FASTag, very good quality data comes in with
payments. On the debit card payments, no loss in market share, but UPI will cannibalize,
and we feel that it will cannibalize every part to some extent.
Page 22 of 31ICICI Bank Ltd
April 24, 2021
Abhishek Murarka:
So, just a very quick follow up. On the UPI P2M and on the previous slide you have given
that through Eazypay your transaction values have increased by 4x. But in terms of the
value and volume both have fallen, just sort of appears to go in different directions. Any
reason for this?
Anup Bagchi:
Eazypay essentially is on the merchant side, where there is a large amount of merchant
transactions which happen, almost 2.2 lakh crores a month. On the debit card side, we
have to add up all the payment system and then look at the throughput where it is
healthily increasing, Abhishek.
