:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Premchandani from UTI Mutual Fund.
Please go ahead.
Amit Premchandani:
In the restructuring number that you have given, is this all invoked restructuring or
whatever you have actually accepted?
Rakesh Jha:
The invoked and accepted will be same, Amit. So, these are loans which are invoked. So,
these will get restructured.
Amit Premchandani:
Are there any proposals still left?
Rakesh Jha:
No. December 31 was the last day for actually invoking. So, on the retail and corporate
piece, anyway, there will not be any increase. I think on the MSME piece, there is time till
March 31. We have not seen much restructuring there. So, it will not change materially
from here for sure.
Amit Premchandani:
And any DCCO extension for the real estate projects, which are not part of this restructuring
number that you had given?
Page 23 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
Anup Bagchi:
DCCO extensions have been normal pre-COVID also and post-COVID. In fact, I must add
that post RERA, I think things have become just more organized. So, two things have
happened, one is, it has become more organized. Second, certainly it is moving towards
stronger builders. People certainly are more conscious about completion of projects on
time and things like that. But I don’t think there has been much DCCO extension because
of COVID. In fact, if at all, sales have only increased, you must be reading it everywhere.
So, DCCO extension, whatever was there was there.
Amit Premchandani:
But sir, still, if you can answer the question. Of the builder portfolio of Rs. 220 billion, what
was the DCCO extension done in the last nine months?
Rakesh Jha:
I don't have the number off-hand. What I can say is that it's not something which is
abnormal or which will have any impact on the portfolio. I think we are comfortable with
the portfolio, we talked about some of those details in terms of the granular nature of the
portfolio and wherever we have slightly larger exposure, those are to well established
builders. So, overall, we are comfortable with that portfolio, Amit.
Anup Bagchi:
Because of COVID I don't think we have done any material DCCO extension.
