:
Thank you very much. We will now begin the questions-and-answer session. the first
question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Elara Capital. Please go ahead.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Congratulations. Could you give the breakdown of proforma slippages?
Rakesh Jha:
We talked about the fact that the actual slippage was Rs. 4.71 billion and the proforma as
of December 31, 2020 was Rs. 82.80 billion, which was an increase of Rs. 68.70 billion
compared to September position. So, the increase of Rs. 68.70 billion and Rs. 4.71 billion,
i.e about Rs. 73 billion is what we have seen during the quarter. A large part of this has
been from the retail portfolio.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Okay. But would there be any breakdown on how much is from unsecured and how much
is from secured, any such breakdown?
Page 14 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
Rakesh Jha:
So, Mahrukh, normally on the retail side we give the aggregate additions and deletions on
the portfolio. To give a sense, I think we have seen slippages across portfolios. If you are
comparing it to an earlier period, of course, it is higher across products. I think during this
quarter we have seen the entire portfolio getting tested for payment because it has come
out of moratorium. So, the increase that we have seen on the NPA or the proforma NPA is
largely in line with what we were expecting across portfolios or slightly better in some of
the portfolios. So, that is the colour that we can give on this. Going forward, we expect to
see some bit of lower addition, I am taking proforma as the comparable number, as the
moratorium period has got over, and the full impact has been seen in the December
quarter.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Okay. So, going forward, you said some bit, as in on the Rs. 67 billion, shouldn’t it be
substantial?
Rakesh Jha:
Mahrukh, we don't want to really comment on how that number will pan out, but it should
be lower than where we are in the December quarter in terms of additions. I think that's the
reason we also gave a colour on the portfolio which is overdue. We had talked about that
in September also. We have seen there that the trends have improved on the retail EMI
products and cards portfolio, now we are about 1.5% higher than the pre-COVID normal
trend compared to 4% which was the case in September. So, overall, the overdue portfolio
also has come down. So, yes, we should see improvement going forward. How substantial
it is, we will have to see how it plays out, there are a lot of moving parts there. But again
to reiterate what we said, Mahrukh, I think we have taken provisions upfront in March and
June quarter. We have utilized some of that provision this quarter, about Rs. 18 billion. We
have tightened some of our provisioning policies to take more provision on NPAs. So,
overall we are quite comfortable with the trends that we are seeing on the portfolio, and
especially the one variable which was there in October was around the restructuring or the
resolution pipeline. As you see that number is pretty much similar to actually the pipeline
we had in October and we have not seen much of an increase there. So, these are the
trends which give us some comfort that going forward the numbers should decline. But
Page 15 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
again, the numbers will be high for March quarter, and that will be the case because the
overdues are currently higher than the normal pre-COVID level.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Got it. And whatever is downgraded in BB, does that overlap with the restructuring
invoked?
Rakesh Jha:
So, there will be an overlap there. If you look at the corporate and SME portfolio of Rs. 180
billion rated BB and below, it includes all the corporate and SME restructuring, other than
one account which I mentioned. It's not a large account. It's an LRD account. It continues
to be rated in the investment grade category. The downgrades that we saw of Rs. 22 billion
during the quarter would also have come largely from the restructuring proposals that we
have received and we have invoked. There would be a couple of other smaller size
accounts also which have got downgraded. That's why that number is Rs. 22 billion for the
quarter.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Got it. But most of the restructuring is corporate only?
Rakesh Jha:
So, of the total, about Rs. 25 billion is the set of accounts which are not overdue for more
than 90 days, on December 31st, because those which are overdue we are anyway
counting in the proforma. So, we don't want to double count there. Of the Rs. 25 billion
which are less than 90 days overdue, Rs. 8 billion is retail and about Rs. 17 billion fund
based is corporate.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Got it. And just one last question on the provisioning policy, what policy has changed?
Rakesh Jha:
So, what we have looked at is that we have made our provision policy for some of the
NPAs more conservative. So, essentially increasing the provisioning on the early buckets
Page 16 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
and also prepone a bit when we reach the 100% provision level. That's the reason you
would see that on the proforma NPAs for the quarter of Rs. 82 billion, we have already
made provisions of Rs. 30 billion. Of the Rs. 35 billion of provision between the Rs. 5 billion
we did in September and Rs. 30 billion we did in this quarter, we are pretty much at 40%
in the first quarter itself. We have kind of increased the early bucket provisioning for the
NPAs. This is not a one-time change in policy, this is something that we will continue with
in future as well.
Mahrukh Adajania:
So, now the first bucket will be around 40%, is it? Or this is just because of mix?
Rakesh Jha:
Mahrukh, that varies. The first bucket will vary across portfolio. It will definitely be different
for, say, a mortgage or a car loan or an unsecured retail or corporate portfolio. I was saying
that, because this quarter will have an impact on the stock. The entire book impact will be
there in this quarter. So, we have increased the provision that we take in the early buckets
on the NPAs.
