:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adarsh Parasrampuria from CLSA. Please
go ahead.
Adarsh Parasrampuria:
Rakesh, question on margins. You said it has held up well and this has the NII reversal as
well. So, can you talk about outlook on margins, given that you are indicating that the back
book repricing is almost done? Where are we in the cycle?
Rakesh Jha:
Adarsh, during the quarter, we have seen the yield on advances has come down by about
44 basis points. It is there on Slide 49. But the yield on overall interest earning assets has
not come down as much because the yield on investments has not come down as much.
Further, advances have grown. As the liquidity is getting deployed, the rest of the portfolio
has not grown. So, going forward, I think we should hopefully see improvement in margin.
But again, there are so many variables which are there, one of course is the interest reversal
itself. In March quarter we will still see new NPL additions that would clearly be higher than
Page 30 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
any kind of a normal level. So, there will be some amount of interest reversal which will be
there. But I think more and more the liquidity will also start declining for us. The LCR
numbers that you see should come down in the March quarter. That should help the
margin. I talked that on the lending side, the market is extremely competitive. So there the
pricing pressure is definitely there on the new loans that we are giving. In short, Adarsh,
we are not giving any guidance there. But I think the objective is to improve our margin
and we hopefully should be able to do that.
Adarsh Parasrampuria:
And Rakesh, did you quantify the interest reversal impact on NII? You have taken it in the
NII line, right, so how much was that absolute number?
Rakesh Jha:
We don't disclose that separately. Interest reversal is there in every quarter whenever NPA
addition happens.
Adarsh Parasrampuria:
Rakesh, just the only point I want to understand is, this quarter would have been a little
different that some accounts are under moratorium for six months and then they have
become NPA. So, the reversal is, the easier question to ask, the reversal should have been
materially higher than past quarters, because the reversal could be for eight months, nine
months.
Rakesh Jha:
Yes. That is possible. I think one thing which is there, Adarsh, right now is that across all
banks things are a bit difficult to compare because of this pro forma basis which is
happening and moratorium and all of that. So, I think in terms of the interest treatment
itself during the period of moratorium, in some cases you have accrued that as income, in
some cases you have put that as a deferred interest term loan. So, the reversal when it
happens, happens only for a 90-day period. So, I would say that it is not something which
will result in a very sharp increase going forward. Of course, there will be a positive going
forward because this quarter was slightly higher than normal.
Page 31 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
Adarsh Parasrampuria:
Got it. And Rakesh, the last question from my side would be on, how are you seeing the
ECLGS portfolio, right? It is Rs. 120 billion disbursements and let's say, Rs. 60-70 billion of
ECLGS book. This portfolio, I think, it is fair to say that we don't really know the debt
servicing, what's happening there. So, how do you look at the risk in this portfolio on the
lending that we were having outstanding at February or March 2020? This is a portfolio
which could have its own stress next year, right, when all other portfolios normalise?
Rakesh Jha:
That is a possibility. We believe, where we have extended credit under this scheme, it is
not that these are bad loans where we have kind of extended this scheme. So, it is not
something that we are overly worried about, about this portfolio where we have lent. Will
there be some challenges that could come up? Definitely, because these borrowers would
have got impacted by COVID, generally speaking. So, I think in the outlook that we give,
for example, Adarsh, for next year, say, credit cost getting normalised, this is factored in
and we don't believe there is going to really be any material impact for us going forward,
which is getting postponed due to this.
Anup Bagchi:
Also, actually, we have to see the disbursement to sanction ratio and you will see that for
stronger banks the disbursement to sanction ratio is lower. So, that is one marker. The
second marker we always see is that, in general, on the portfolio how is the limit utilisation.
If economic activity has not picked up, but limit utilisation is happening very fast, that is
also not a very good sign. So, these are the two big markers. When we look at these two
markers, it looks okay at this point of time for us. I mean, there are no such red flags in that
portfolio. These are the two markers that we will have to see. Also, now we are seeing one
by one sectors are coming back. As Sandeep had said that, if you look at our ultra-high
frequency index, it has been above 100 for a few weeks now which also means that if you
are not there in those sectors which have not come up, rest is all business as usual. It is
also showing up in the fact that 1-90 days or 0-90 days above your business as usual has
also declined sharply. Which basically means that people are now getting cash flows and
they are paying up.
Page 32 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
So, all in all, I would say that things are okay. Now, the other thing that one can always
surmise is that, how much of it is by way of refinancing, how much of this is by way of
balance transfer and how much of it is by way of pent-up demand. All those are very
difficult to say. Of course, whenever interest rates suddenly fall, there is some activity on
balance transfer and refinancing, that is for sure it happens. But interest rate from here on,
we do not think it is going to fall that much. So, the balance transfer activity will come
down. So, shift of portfolio from one bank to the other will come down. We don't think that
there will be much of a pent-up demand for long, because now the economy has been
open for four-five months. Last quarter also we had good disbursements and good book
growth. This quarter also we had good disbursement and good book growth. We look at
market shares, as I said, at a micro market level. It is okay, I mean, still quite a bit of
unsaturation is there for our customers and their needs. So, that is what it is. We have
spoken to the ECLGS customers. We have called all of them and we have spoken to them
as well. They seem to be okay.
