:
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nitin Agarwal from Motilal Oswal.
Please go ahead.
Page 19 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
Nitin Agarwal:
My question is again on the BB and below book. Now, we have not seen as much of
slippages or restructuring requests as to how much one can really expect this book to
throw up, because despite all the focus on this book, it's still around Rs. 180 billion. It has
been like pretty sticky and increasing very marginally. So, are we being too conservative
there in terms of our classification? Because our peers have actually reported a decline in
the actual size of the book.
Rakesh Jha:
So, I think we have a pretty standard process which our risk team runs for the rating of the
portfolio. Of course, the risk team is completely independent of business, the business
team may have a different view on some of these accounts. But it's a very consistent
process. So, I don't think we have become overly conservative on these ratings. I gave you
an example of the larger accounts. There are some challenges or the other in each of these
accounts and we review the portfolio regularly. So, even as we speak between December
31 and now, there would have been some accounts which would have got upgraded during
this period and some may have gotten downgraded. So, it's a continuous process which
is there and at the end of the day, there will always be a certain amount of book which will
be there in the BB and below bucket. I think largely it is not lumpy, other than the accounts
I talked about. So, it is not something which we overly worry about.
Nitin Agarwal:
Okay. And two clarifications, one is on the margin, like we have reported a 10 basis point
sequential improvement, but both our domestic and overseas margins have expanded by
6 basis points and 8 basis points. So, what am I missing here? What is driving this blended
10 basis points improvement? And secondly, our tax rate for the year so far is around 19%,
moving between 18% and 19% every quarter. So, where do we expect this from a year
end for FY 2022?
Rakesh Jha:
So, on the tax rate, this year, as I said, I think we have got the benefit of the lower tax which
is applicable on the capital gains, and we had a good amount of capital gains in the nine-
month period, especially in Q1, from the sale of share in the subsidiaries. As you know, the
Page 20 of 35ICICI Bank Ltd
January 30, 2021
tax which we provide every quarter, or the nine-month period is based on the full year
estimated tax rate. So, the tax rate for this nine-month period is what you can extrapolate
as our estimate for the tax rate for the full year. Going forward, next year, I think, we will
be at marginal tax rate. We get some amount of benefit of 1-1.5% because of dividend
income and all of that. So, the tax rate will go up next year. It will be very difficult to give
the exact amount by which it will go up because it will still be a function of the composition
of the income. On the net interest margin, Nitin, don't do this domestic and overseas and
try to tally that. As you would appreciate, we have lending from domestic into overseas
also, so it will not always net off. The domestic and overseas margins here are the gross
ones. When we report at the Bank level, if there is some lending from domestic to overseas,
that would get netted off. So, that's why a few basis points up and down will always be
there. The overseas net interest margin is on the gross book. There is the inter-branch
elimination that will happen. That's the only reason.
