2Rishi Basu
A very good evening and thank you for joining Infosys’ fourth quarter financial results. I am Rishi
and on behalf of Infosys, I would like to welcome you to our press conference today. Before we
commence, I want to take a moment to mention a few guidelines. Our friends from media, you will
be on mute by default throughout the press conference. You will be requested to unmute yourself
when we announce you for your questions and we request one question from each journalist so
that we can accommodate everyone over the next hour. In case you are disconnected, please
rejoin using the same link that was sent to you by our teams. With that let me invite our Chief
Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh for his opening remarks. Over to you Salil!
Salil Parekh
Thanks Rishi. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining us for this session. I
trust you and your families are well and safe. We had an exceptional year and an exceptional
quarter. Our YoY constant currency growth was at 9.6% for Q4 and for the full year our growth
was 5% in constant currency.
Our digital business grew by 34% YoY in Q4 and now representing 51.5% of our overall revenue.
Our large deal wins were at $14 bn for the full year, a growth of 57% over the previous financial
year and they were at $2.1 bn for Q4. Within the full year large deals, 66% were net new helping
us to set up a very strong foundation for the next financial year.
With these exceptional results, we had industry-leading growth in FY21. We continue to gain
market share and I am grateful for the trust our clients have put in Infosys as we partner with them
for their digital transformation programs.
Our growth was broad based, with several of our industry segments showing strong growth YoY
and it stems from a market-leading capabilities, digital, cloud, cybersecurity and in data analytics
which allow us now to work with our clients’ most aspirational digital transformation activities.
Our operating margin for FY21 improved by 320-basis points to reach 24.5% for the full year. For
the quarter as well it was 24.5%. I am extremely proud of our employees and their enormous
commitment especially during this past year but in general across the years. We will launch our
second compensation review in a phased manner starting in July 2021. Our employees and our
entire leadership team worked cohesively and for the benefit of our clients. This approach which
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
3we call One Infosys has really enabled us to have a very strong FY21 and allowed us to look
ahead with success.
Now looking ahead we see continued strong demand from our clients, especially in digital, in
cloud, in data and we have a strong foundation of large deals. With that our constant currency full
year revenue guidance for FY22 is growth between 12% and 14%. For operating margin, our
superior performance in FY21 was in part because of the improvement in several strategic cost
levers and in part because of cost avoidance and deferment. With normalcy returning gradually
across the world, we anticipate some of those costs to return. With that our operating margin
guidance for FY22 is between 22% and 24%.
In keeping with our capital allocation policy, we propose an increase to the total dividend per share
by 54% over the previous year for a full year dividend at Rs.27. In addition, we propose a buyback
of equity shares of up to Rs. 9200 Crores, which is approximately $1.2 bn. We will use the open
market method for this buyback. Thank you very much. With that let me pause and let us open it
up for questions.
Rishi Basu
Thank you Salil. We now open the floor for questions. With Salil, we have Mr. Pravin Rao, Chief
Operating Officer, Infosys and Mr. Nilanjan Roy, Chief Financial Officer, Infosys.
With this, we open with the first question. And the first question is from Sharad Dubey, CNBC
Awaaz who joins us on video. Sharad please unmute yourself and ask your question.
Sharad Dubey
I have a question for Salil Sir. The constant currency growth for fourth quarter itself came at almost
2% and expectations were almost 3% to 3.5%. So, what can be the reasons that attributed for this
and what goes ahead in the outlook. And the other query I have is for Pravin Sir, the attritions
which has increased by almost 5%, came in at almost 15% for Q4. So, do you expect the numbers
in attrition to increase in FY2022 and what does the outlook look like?
Salil Parekh
Let me start with the revenue. I think for the quarter as you mentioned the revenue growth was at
2%. We had a very strong volume growth at 4.5%. We had a mixed move from onsite to offshore
which caused some of the change and some of third party costs, which normally come in, did not
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
4come in, in Q4. However, our full year growth guidance remains very strong at 12% to 14% for the
FY22 and we continue to see a very good demand in what we are seeing from our clients today.
Pravin Rao
On the attrition front, it has increased from 10% to 15.2%. This is an annualized attrition of IT
Services. This is something that we had anticipated and it is a reflection of the strong demand that
we are seeing in the market. Having said that, we are increasing our efforts to retain our talent. We
had the first round of compensation increase effective January. We have announced one more
round of normal cycle with effective date July and in between any other interventions that are
required to retain some of the best talent, we will continue to do that. Over the past year also we
have engaged our people, we provided a strong value proposition in terms of engagement and
enablement. There is a lot of focus on continuous learning, lot of important projects that people get
to work on, there is a lot of career advancement opportunity and so on. In the past year also during
COVID, we have really done extremely well in terms of engaging with people, engaging their
families, providing a lot of support. We had more than 900 plus interventions and so on and we
have received very positive feedback. So, we are very confident that with these measures we
should be able to navigate through this. The attritions are likely to remain at this level for the next
one or two quarters given the demand, but we are very confident of managing through this and
meeting our client commitments.
Rishi Basu
The next question is from Sajeet Manghat from BloombergQuint.
Sajeet Manghat
Good evening gentleman. Season’s greetings to you all. My first question is to Pravin with respect
to the guidance which has been given especially the margins part of it. You entered the year
24.5% operating margins, and your guidance is in the range of 22% to 24%. What is the kind of
headwind that you are seeing in terms of guidance or in terms of margin that you have been
conservative in giving guidance. I mean, your upper end is also not matching the full-year
guidance, which you did for this financial year. Second one is with respect to the deal wins $2.1 bn
in Q4 but it seems that your run rate has slowed down towards the end of Q4, is it because some
of the deals have been pushed to the next financial year and if you can give some color on the
financial services business segment as a whole as well?
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
5Pravin Rao
I will start with the large deals and financial services and then I will pass it onto Nilanjan or Salil to
respond on the margin guidance. On the large deals, we had a 23 large deal wins this quarter at
$2.1 bn and for the year is $14.1 bn which is a record in Infosys’ history; and even for the Q4 52%
of large deal wins was net new and for the year it is 66% and in fact the net new for the year $9.4
bn is higher than all the large deal TCV that we did in whole of FY20. Obviously, this large deal,
there is some volatility in terms of large deal wins, many of the deals take three to six months for
closure. There are times when we are able to close many deals in the given quarter. There are
times when it gets pushed up but given that we have about $14 bn with 66% net new, we have a
very strong foundation getting into the next year FY22. So, we are comfortable with where we are.
In terms of Financial Services, we had record growth, industry leading growth in the past few
quarters that continues in this quarter as well. For the year, we had 25 large deal wins in this
space and in this quarter itself 6 of the wins were in Financial Services. So we are well positioned
for this sector to continue this strong performance in FY22 as well. In terms of demand areas, we
are seeing of course a lot of transformational programs around mortgage transformation, lending
services, front to back digitization, customer experience, modernization, call center technologies
and operations, transformation and so on. So we are optimistic about this segment.
Nilanjan Roy
If you see our margins you have to go back to FY20 and we ended FY20 with 21.3% margin and
we have ended FY21 with 24.5% so that is a 3.2% margin growth and that kind of growth we have
not seen in the recent past. Like we have told you, over the last few quarters as well that the
margin improvement of 320-basis points has come about with two or three reasons, one has been
the cost deferments that Salil mentioned because last year of course, we delayed the entire pay
cycle, number one. We also had cut back on our promotion cycles. In addition, we have turned
aggressive cost-cutting, and things like travel had naturally stopped, on marketing etc., and we
also did a lot of work on our strategic cost levers around pyramid and onsite and offshore
automation. All these three helped us during the year to come to the 24.5%. These cost tailwinds
which was about the deferral costs would come back in the FY22. So, the first pay hike which was
in January has been announced that is making a headwind and as Salil just mentioned we are
also looking at the second payment from 1st July. As the year progresses in the second half and as
vaccine starts rolling out, things like travel etc., will open and some of these costs at the tail end
will come up. So, we think 22% to 24% is a comfortable rate. It is important to keep in mind as well
that the pre-pandemic events in FY20, our guidance was 21% to 23%. So now in that sense we
are now 1% higher in terms of 22% to 24% so we remain quite comfortable with that.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
6Rishi Basu
Thank you Sajeet. The next question is from Kushal Gupta from Zee Business.
Kushal Gupta
I have two questions, one is with regards to the digital revenue share, last quarter, in Q3 we saw
that it crossed more than 50%, so going forward by the end of FY22 what is the deal trajectory we
are expecting for digital contracts? How much share could we end up with in FY22? Secondly
would be on the regional front, for example, North America and Europe how are we seeing the
business shaping up there? Is there a second wave, are we done away with that and the kind of
considerations or how is the client spending going to be for FY22 from your IT client’s perspective?
Salil Parekh
Let me start with the digital one and then come to geography and Pravin can add something on
geography as well. On digital, we are seeing tremendous growth, we have 34% growth in this Q4
and we see all of our clients are at different stages of their digital transformation activities. What is
good for us is clients are trusting Infosys to work with them in many different parts of the digital
transformation, for example in cloud, data and analytics, cybersecurity and many other areas.
Given the trajectory of growth we have seen recently and given the demand and pipeline we
believe this sort of growth will continue, we do not have a specific number for the end of the year
percentage that digital will be but we feel comfortable that we are gaining market share and
growing quite fast in digital.
In terms of geography, the demand in US clients, European clients are strong. What we are seeing
is with the vaccine rollouts, the US has already started to see some resumption of normalcy over
the next 3 to 4 months and Europe also has progressed quite a lot and they will come maybe just
a little bit after that. UK is also in good shape from that perspective with their lockdown starting to
ease as we saw yesterday and we think that that will also come into good shape with all of the
stimulus that each of those governments have provided, something similar for us in Asia Pacific
business, especially as it relates to Australia, New Zealand and Singapore. So overall the demand
environment is starting to improve in most of these places.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Mugdha Variyar from CNBC TV18.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
7Mugdha Variyar
Hi everyone. Good to see you again. Hope you are doing well. Salil, I want to first ask you about
the factors that you have considered for the FY22 guidance, which sectors is it going to come
from? Are you looking at new areas. We had TCS say yesterday that they are looking at disrupting
the consulting business. Are you looking at increasing your addressable market as well? Any new
areas that you could look at and on deal wins, could you explain why there was a sharp decline in
the deal wins from the last quarter? Is this the run rate that we can expect going forward in the
coming quarters as well? Pravin, of course, there has been a sharp spike in attrition, you talked
about the fact that because of this demand, but we did see that TCS has reported an all-time low
attrition for the quarter, so what can Infosys do differently and in FY22 what are the wage hike that
we can expect, are you going to be hiring more, what are the hiring plans for FY22? And Nilanjan
are you factoring wage hikes and more hiring in the margin pressure as well?
Salil Parekh
Let me start with the guidance on revenue. I think 12% to 14% growth is an extremely strong
guidance and indication that we see very good demand and we also see that this is coming across
a strong foundation from what was achieved in the previous financial year. The demand is coming
in a broad based way. We are seeing almost all of our industries providing good outlook for
demand. So it is not in any one space or the other and the disruption question that you asked, our
focus is really on the digital transformation that our clients are driving and one of the biggest
components of that is cloud. As you will recall, we launched our Infosys Cobalt cloud capability last
year and that is one of the strongest areas that are tracking with the clients for the growth and of
course there are other components of digital which looks at experience, which relates to how our
clients are looking to use the technology in digital and then data and analytics and cybersecurity.
So those are the areas that we are seeing and with the level of confidence we have, we are saying
the growth guidance will be 12% to 14%. In terms of what we have seen on the deal wins, as
Pravin was sharing, large deal wins are typically somewhat volatile in a given quarter, but for a
given year they are quite a good indicator. This last financial year, we had $14 bn of large deal
wins. The previous financial year we had $9 bn. So it is a huge step up on an annual basis and we
see the demand in this financial year to be quite strong and we will continue to do well with large
deal wins. With that let me pass it on to Pravin.
Pravin Rao
Hi Mugdha. We historically have an average attrition of 13% to 15%. What we are seeing now at
15% is probably at the high end of average that we are seeing. It is similar to what we saw about
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
8four quarters back. Obviously it is higher than what we saw in the previous quarter. As mentioned
earlier, there are many interventions that we are doing to retain the best of our employees. We
have a very compelling value proposition and with compensation interventions, with promotions
and with many other initiatives that we have in place we are very confident to sustain around this
level going forward and without compromising on any client requirements. In terms of hiring, this
year we have added about close to 21,000 fresher’s from campus, both in India and overseas and
in coming year we are looking at over 25,000 again both India and overseas.
Nilanjan Roy
Mugdha, on margins, absolutely we have factored the guidance, second pay hike from July and
also we have talked about certain headwinds in the latter part of the year with travel, opening up of
other overhead costs where we had squeezed a bit from last year and those costs both have been
factored in the margins, but we remain quite comfortable in the 22% to 24% range.
Rishi
Thank you. The next question is from Poonam Saney from ET Now. Poonam can you unmute
yourself and ask your question.
Poonam Saney
Thank you so much for this opportunity. Salil, my question to you is, if I am looking at the kind of
estimates that most of the analysts are working with, especially in terms of buyback, the buyback
expectation was 11,000 to 15,000 odd Crores which is on an average 12,000 Crores of sales,
expectation and you have announced a buyback of 9,200 Crores so what is the expectations from
an analyst perspective? Any reasons for the same and can you give some colour on the same? I
also want to understand what is the progress in terms of Daimler deal by the revenue growth as
well as the margins guidance is fairly in line with expectations. I wanted to understand how the
Daimler deal would start contributing to the revenue as well as in terms of profitability and if we
could also get more colour in terms of the margin trajectory. We would see some of the costs
returning, so how would those costs shape up and impact the margin trajectory?
Salil Parekh
Thanks. Let me start with the buyback. Nilanjan might have some point to add to that and then
Pravin will take Daimler question and Nilanjan for the margin. On the buyback, our approach has
been to work with our capital return policy and our capital return policy has been quite clearly
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
9stated a couple of years ago, that we plan to return 85% cash back to shareholders and there are
two components to this. One which relates to the dividends, one which relates to possible
buyback. So, keeping all those factors in mind, the board decided that this was the amount that
made sense. We have a clear view in terms of how this will support the capital return policy across
the 5 year period and how we are able to return 85% which is our target amount. That really is the
rationale for the 9,200 Crores that we have announced as a buyback. Let me pass it to Nilanjan
first if there is anything else on the buyback and then Pravin.
Nilanjan Roy
Sure. So, just to add to Salil’s comments, so if you actually see our payouts of the last 2 year’s
dividend, we declared 6,400 Crores of dividend and 9,200 Crores of buyback. Our cumulative
payout for FY21 and FY20 which are the first 2 years of the capital allocation policy, we would
have paid out 83% of the 85%, so in that sense I think this is completely in line with our policy and
that is what the board also considered when deciding the amount of buyback. So, I think it is quite
transparent and actually working in line with clearly articulated forward looking policy as well. So
that is on the buyback. On the margins, like I said and we have been talking about it during the last
year that our margin has increased and some of them have come from the deferment of costs and
the cost deferrals and we are cognizant of that and have been calling that out that these will
become headwinds during FY22 and we have factored that into our 22% to 24% guidance. But
having said that, this would still be a 100 basis points above our pre-COVID guidance which was
last at 21% to 23%. So in that sense, this is a step up in our underlying margin trajectory.
Pravin Rao
On the Daimler program obviously it is a complex program with many elements. We have started
planning for the same. We have started ramping up and started getting into details of contracts
that we need to innovate. We have also started looking at making offers because there is
rebadging element as well, so a lot of preparatory stuff and other work is going on as per
schedule.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Shilpa Phadnis from Times of India.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
10Shilpa Phadnis
Good evening gentlemen. Sir, you have set yourself a three year roadmap to turn around Infosys.
What is Infosys’ next, especially from a strategic standpoint when the pandemic has gone from
threat to opportunities to spurt your client’s transformation agenda? The second question is though
cloud adoption is driving a multiyear tech cycle, with the ramp up in cloud deals, how do you see
the pricing, will it only get better? Coming from the recent ISG commentary, they talk about how
the cloud ACV’s are moderating, so what are the specific challenges in terms of acceleration in
cloud migrations? My third question is on the deal front, you have won a $14 bn TCV but largely is
it on renewals restructuring, is there a challenge in terms of the new scope trajectory, if you can
help us with this, sir. Thank you.
Salil S Parekh
Thanks for the questions. I will start off with the first one on our three-year program and how we
look ahead. We think we had an extremely successful three-year journey, some of the elements
are how we really reshaped and become a digital services company. Today, digital is more than
50% of our business. The large deals that you mentioned at $14 bn, but there is also a
tremendous amount of work we have done in reskilling of our employees, in looking at automation,
and variety of steps within the company, the way we transformed to a live enterprise, are a
complete change in the way Infosys is working with clients and working with employees today.
Now as we look ahead what we see is real intense capabilities around digital and there the main
focus remains around cloud, around data and analytics, around cybersecurity and with the launch
of Cobalt, Infosys Cobalt Cloud capability set, we are again in a leading position to work with
clients on their cloud journeys. So, we feel quite comfortable in the path we have taken and how
we are looking ahead in partnering with our clients on their digital transformation journeys.
On the large deals, Pravin will elaborate but the one point I wanted to make was with the $14 bn
numbers that you referenced, 66% is net new. So, in many ways that is the driver. Of course we
are also very strong in doing what is going on and those are the factors that come into play as we
look at the guidance for the future. Let me pass it on to Pravin.
Pravin Rao
I think as Salil said overall $14 bn, 66% is net new and even in Q4, 52% was net new. Last year
when we did $9 bn of large deals TCV, only about 37% was net new. So, this varies, there is some
volatility in net new but it is equally important. We have to win renewals; we cannot afford to lose
whatever we have at present. At the same time, we also have to capture market share and that is
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
11where the net new comes in. So, we have a good balance out there and I think this year given the
66% of what we have won is net new, it is a very strong base for getting into FY22.
Shilpa Phadnis
Sir, on the cloud ramp up, if you can just help us with that question in terms of the pricing and
given the background the recent ISG commentary on how the cloud ACVs are decelerating, so
what are some of the challenges when it comes to cloud migration programs?
Salil Parekh
So on cloud, the migration is one part of it, so in the cloud area, and again ISG also pointed this
out: There are multiple facets of the cloud work that we are engaged in or clients are looking it.
There is a piece which is of migration, but there is a piece which relates to how clients are
adopting public cloud or private cloud and there is a piece within our Cobalt structure which relates
to how clients are looking at SaaS providers and rolling out that capability within their ecosystem.
Our experience is that actually cloud programs are quite large and today what we have seen in
FY21 within $14 bn is a very strong cloud capability programs that we are working with clients on,
so we do not see that scale or size of cloud deals is going to decelerate. In terms of margins, there
are different profiles or different things of the cloud depending on whether you are working on the
public cloud or working on SaaS. In general, we do have a view on our digital margin which is on
average higher than the average margin of the business.
Rishi Basu
Thank you Shilpa. The next question is from Ayushman Baruah from the Mint.
Ayushman Baruah
Two simple things, so one is as remote working becomes the new norm and as we also gear up
may be for a potential second lockdown, do you feel the whole concept of onsite working versus
offshore is getting redundant as employees can work from anywhere now, how do you plan to deal
with that? That is first. Secondly, what is your acquisition strategy for FY22 given that last year
you made a lot of acquisitions, so in which areas would these acquisitions be in the digital cloud
space etc? Thank you.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
12Salil S. Parekh
Thanks for the questions, Ayushman. First one relating to work-from-home, what we have been
clear and I think Pravin shared this during our past earnings calls as well, is to say that first we
have a very strong work-from-home approach that is working well. Thanks to the infrastructure that
we built up within the company and the rapid speed at which we moved our people to work-from-
home. What we have now learnt as you have seen Nilanjan shared his stats, onsite mix has
moved significantly to offshore in the last financial year, much more rapidly than it had done in the
previous several years. We feel that some of this is the way clients are looking at the business;
however, there is also a lot of use and work that we do in our digital centres in Europe, in US, in
Australia and Singapore and those type of work will continue even if that becomes a hybrid model,
which means partially working from home, partially working from a work location. Having said all of
that, we still think that there will be a need to build up some social capital and some of that will be
built when people start to come back to the office. So, there are two things at play here, the hybrid
model and the shift on the onsite offshore mix and there are different ways we feel those will play
out and we will see how that looks in the next few quarters or maybe the next few years. On M&A,
we continue with our focus on Digital and Cloud acquisition opportunities. We will continue to look
with the cultural fit, the strategic fit and the cost price of the asset that we are looking to acquire.
With all those things coming into play, we hope to continue with our M&A activity in this year as
well.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Ayan Pramanik from The Economic Times. Ayan please
unmute yourself and ask your question.
Ayan Pramanik
Congratulation Salil on a good set of numbers. I have two small questions actually. If you look at
the attrition number it seems significantly higher, and we hear that there are few hundreds of
vacant roles across some key clients. Could you please elaborate on that if there are some supply
side issues for some key clients? That is the first question. Second part is if you look at the
revenue per employee consolidated which has grown, which is 55.2 in US dollar 1000 so do you
see that improving going forward?
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
13Salil Parekh
Let me start on the question you had about roles on client projects. We have a tremendous
capability of fulfilling demand. We believe that is going extremely well. As Pravin was sharing
some of the points on attrition and what we are doing in terms of real strong employee
engagement. There are two factors I also want to highlight. We are making sure that we have
huge levels of recruitment both from college campuses in India and outside India and also
laterally. The main reason we are seeing a lot of this focus on Infosys employees is also because
our training is probably the best training in the industry, and we are extremely proud of that
training. We believe that that is the training that drives what we want to do in terms of digital
programs with our clients and that is where we are making sure that all of the effort is put in and
how we are fulfilling all over the world for our clients. For the other question, let me just check if
Nilanjan would you want to address that, please.
Nilanjan Roy
On the revenue per employee if you go back in the industry, it has largely been flat and it is a
reflection of two things, that is client pricing so which is a downward pressure and the other hand
you start putting in automation which tries to negate some of that client discounts and rate
negotiation. So if you see that secular trend line has largely been flat, but of course we continue to
drive initiatives like digital pricing and we know that our digital side of the business is giving us
higher margins and higher RPP but at the same time there is some downward pressure on the
core side of the business which offsets that but our intent continues to remain to command large
and larger premium for our digital side, but secular trends have been largely flat as of now as a
combined portfolio.
Ayan Pramanik
Thank you Nilanjan. If I take a cue from that point, can I ask one question. So, are there still
requests from clients for discounts like we had seen last year in March?
Nilanjan Roy
That is a continuous process. I do not think we are seeing any acceleration unlike we mentioned
last year also during COVID wherever clients had come during that initial period, we were happy to
extend anything, but clients do come and ask for discounts and productivity gain at the time of
renewals etc. but nothing unusual – this is quite normal what we are seeing.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
14Rishi Basu
Thank you Ayan.
The next question is from Chandra from Moneycontrol.
Chandra Ranganathan
Thank you. I hope all of you are well and safe. Salil, I know you addressed the consulting question
at the beginning, but my question is the way different companies are approaching it seems to be
very different. While some of them are taking the acquisition route, others are talking about the
organic route in terms of how they will leverage expertise of both the company as well as the client
to kind of build out an end-to-end solution. Now Infosys has tried acquisitions in the past, so what
would your own approach be to sort of upsell IT services. Is this an area that you are looking at
seriously? Do you think Infosys can do what a McKinsey or an Accenture are doing today in this
area?
The other question was for Nilanjan, while a lot of people are talking about the buyback premium,
they are talking about gap up opening for the stock tomorrow, 25%, I think is higher than more
people were expecting, so what did you factor in while deciding on the buyback price.
Pravin, couple of questions for you, you said that you will look at a number of incentives, would
expanding the ESOP pool be one of them, because you are also competing with Tata’s and
Hyperscalers to acquire talent and why did you put off this second compensation review till July. I
mean, shouldn’t you not to have done this perhaps now or next month considering your attrition is
at 15%, your utilization is at 88%, so what would your comfort level be on utilization also going
forward? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for your question. Let me start with the first one. I think what we are seeing in the market is
with all the digital work there is more decision making, that is, in addition to the technology buyers,
also the business buyers. What Infosys has done over the years is built a very strong consulting
business. As you pointed out through acquisitions but also through organic means, you know over
the last couple of years, our consulting business is performing well and connecting well with clients
across different geographies and industries. So, our approach is very much of the view where we
need to work with business buyers and make sure that our consulting and technology teams work
hand in hand. If you look at some of the large digital transformation programs we had started in the
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
15last year, we take an example of Vanguard, that really is something that looks at business issues
and insights which are driven by our consulting team and also industry leads which are driven by
our industry team and technology and process operation’s capabilities those coming from the tech
and BPM. It is really bringing all of these things together, that is more important in our mind, the
‘One Infosys’ approach that I referenced at the opening as opposed to just doing one thing let’s
say consulting or on another thing which is the industry or something else on tech . So yes, we see
many peers that you referenced, doing those sort of things but we are now well ahead of that. We
are in this more where all of this is integrated, as ‘one Infosys’ and bring that to the client. Let me
pass it to Pravin, with respect to the second question.
Pravin Rao
On the attrition front, obviously, we had a salary increase effective January 1 and so we felt July 1,
would be the right thing. Historically, also we have always had a phased approach to
compensation increase and we do it in a staggered manner. And that is something we want to get
back to our regular cycle in the coming year as well and so we felt July would be adequate. In the
interim, as I said earlier, if there are any other interventions required in terms of retentions, we will
be happy to do that and we are already doing that. In terms of RSUs, already for 10% to 15% of
our promising people in the mid-level and it is not something new, in the past few years we have
been issuing RSUs and that program continues.
Nilanjan Roy
On the buyback price, first thing is this is an open market buyback unlike the other buyback which
you have seen in the recent past which are tender buybacks where the price is fixed. So, our
premium of 25% give or take versus 1400 is the maximum buyback price that is number one. So, it
is not the price which we will buy that is the maximum price, this is the more longer drawn process
in terms of timing, because firstly this needs shareholder approval at the AGM which is scheduled
for June and then there is a longer process during which we will buy. So, this we will go on for the
next six to seven months if not more and considering both these factors, we think a maximum
price of 1750 is quite fair.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from the Shivani Shinde from Business Standard who joins us on
audio. Shivani, can you unmute yourself.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
16Shivani Shinde
Couple of questions have been asked but let me get more clarification. Salil, you just replied
completed three years of the entire restructuring plan that you started in April of 2018. Are you
happy to see that Infosys? You have spoken that digital is going to be going ahead roadmap, call
out three really important aspects in digital that you would want Infosys to be ready with and I am
looking at a roadmap of five years, and where do you see Infosys in the next five years? Also
please give us color on the core business aspect which has been going down, where do we see
that bottoming out? Nilanjan, a hygiene question FY22 in terms of capex what do we expect from
Infosys, work-from-home still continues to be there. So, if you could throw a little bit color on that?
Pravin, lot of questions asked on salary hikes and attrition, if you could give us the quantum of
hikes and on campus hiring you said that you are hiring almost similar or slightly more, are you
giving a geography breakup as well? Thank you, gentlemen.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for those questions. Let me start Shivani. What we have done over the three years we
talked a little bit earlier about I think a huge way both within the company and how we connect with
clients on their digital journeys and there has been a huge change there. Now looking ahead as
you said on a five-year horizon, I think, the thing really to keep in mind is one of the biggest
opportunities in front of us because our clients are going there is really the cloud opportunity and it
may be simple to say cloud because it encapsulates a variety of things that is part of the reason
why we have launched Cobalt. It really goes into a lot of specific elements which relate to different
parts of the cloud - whether it is the public cloud, private cloud, of course in the hybrid environment
or the SaaS capabilities and then migrations and cloud native development. These elements, each
of them are huge capabilities that we have built up and we think that this is going to be significant
part of where, our clients are driving their digital journeys and so we think this should become
bigger part of our work going forward. Another area I would really focus on is data and analytics. It
is something that is becoming more critical in how that is being developed with our clients in mind
and it is an integral part of what we are doing in our digital transformation work with our clients, so
that will become large. There are couple of other places where we are also making huge inroads
which we will talk more and more about as we go ahead into the next five years, but we are well
positioned to capture what our clients are looking to drive in their spend and therefore become
closer partners with them. With that, let me pass it may be first Nilanjan on capex, then Pravin with
the salary discussion.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
17Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so on capex as you know in FY21, pretty much we shutdown on the infrastructure capex as
everybody was working from home and in fact repurposed a lot of spend on work-from-home
enablement which was about laptops, communication, security. Going into next year, some of the
in-flight projects we think will start back and we will continue to focus on enablement of work-from-
home. So, there will be some ramp up of capex versus the prior but it will still be below the pre-
pandemic levels.
Pravin Rao
On the compensation, quantum will be as per the industry norms. Obviously, we will be targeting
segments where the attrition is higher and in terms of campus hires this year we had 21000
campus hires, over 19000 in India and about 2000 outside India. In the coming year we are talking
about close to 25000 plus, about 24000 in India and may be a couple of thousand outside India.
Rishi Basu
Thank you! The next question is from Sankalp Phartiyal from Reuters news. Sankalp, please
unmute yourself.
Sankalp Phartiyal
Good evening everyone. Salil, my question is to you. Whenever you give an update guidance you
say that there is a good demand coming in from the clients and that is one statement that we have
heard across the quarters and it is true because amidst the pandemic such is the demand for
digitization. But I was wondering if you could go a little bit granular on that and give me some color
in terms of, what is it that the clients are exactly demanding because again we have also heard
you say that you want to be a partner in the digital transformation of clients, so could you give us a
little more color on that please? And I heard Pravin say that we are going to hire 25,000 freshers
from India and overseas, I wanted to you ask about the change in the US administration and if that
is going to have any effect on the visa, the whole working environment for software service
exporters like yourself? Just those two. Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for the question. I think to give you some color on the sort of demand we are seeing.
Today if you look, we have work which we are doing, for example in the retail sector where we are
working with clients who are changing what they are doing, with how their end customer - the
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
18consumer is connecting with them through different channels for buying products, for connecting
with and giving feedback on what is going on. Their sales teams are using different channels to
connect with different rep structures. All of this is being built on a cloud ecosystem and it is also
being built with a new set of technology which requires leverage, whether it is all of our capabilities
on cloud. For example, in many cases, we are using unique and agile ways to build new software,
using the experience capabilities of our digital studios, design the way this technology works or
even roll it out across the cloud into usage worldwide at the same time. So that is one example of
the type of project, these are different depending on industry whether you look at insurance
business, the utilities business, the consumer products business or the banking business. In each
of those areas, there are new ways that our clients are looking to connect with their customers to
grow their business and that makes it more and more critical for them to drive these projects faster
because by doing that they are able to impact their own growth, their own market share which is
where our support comes. So, all of that will translate to good demand and a good demand is
translating for us to a very strong revenue guidance of 12% to 14%.
Pravin Rao
On the visa front, obviously, our strategy is to be less dependent on visa, and this is something
that we have been embarking on for the past two to three years. Today, more than 69% of our US
workforce are locals and so to that extent we are less and less dependent on the visa regime.
Having said that the early indications are, Biden administration seems to be much more business
friendly, much more immigration friendly, we have seen many of the restriction, with respect to
Trump administration have either been deferred or they have allowed it to lapse. One of these
amendments around compensation increases, has also been put off by more than a year. So, it is
early days we had remained busy, but from an Infosys perspective we are less and less
dependent on the visas, we are a truly robust model with lot of focus on localization.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Saritha Rai from Bloomberg.
Saritha Rai
Good evening gentlemen. My first question is to Salil. Salil, you talked this evening about
acceleration towards offshore, in your onshore, offshore hybrid model and you also talked about
digital design studios, acceleration of cloud, all of it can be served from your offshore centers. I just
wanted to know what is going to happen to your localization plan, what is going to happen to the
development centers that you were going to set up in the US especially in Europe, how does the
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
19plan change? My second question is about the coming challenges, you talked today about having
25,000 people from the campuses in the coming year, maybe 26000 if my math is right to what
Pravin just said, so there is going to be a lot of demand not just for fresh graduates of which India
produces millions, but also in the middle and top levels of talent, I wonder if that is going to be a
constraint for growth and if you see any challenges facing the industry, if you could elaborate on
this please?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for your questions Saritha. First one on what we see as the mix, we were starting to see in
the last financial year, was a big shift on the offshore side with the onsite mix coming down.
Having said that we still have a huge amount of work that we do from our digital centers, our
design studios, our proximity centers whereas in Europe, US, North America and Canada or in
Asia Pacific, in Australia and so on. So those are the things, which are very much a part of what is
going on with our clients, some of that discussion was on if the hybrid model becomes part of our
future, but even those centers – those digital studios, those digital delivery centers will have the
hybrid model working, but in those geographies. So two trends are working here, which we see,
one is that there is some shift to offshore that we saw in the last year in terms of delivery and we
have shared some of the stats on how the onsite mix has evolved and the second one is much
more hybrid wherever the work is going on, hybrid in that sense work-from-home, whether it is
going on in the European market, in the US market or in the Asia Pacific market or ofcourse when
they are doing that in India whether it is in campus or work-from-home. Our sense is both of those
trends will play out and we will see how those trends play out. So, all of the work we have done in
terms of building local delivery centres will help us, but also the fact that we have built our
capability that can allow our employees to work in this hybrid mode, work-from-home and work-
from-office will also help us as we move ahead. In terms of recruitment, as Pravin was sharing, we
are looking at in the range of 26000 campus hires, couple of thousand which would be outside
India, about 24000 which will be in India. As you pointed out we have within India, a large number
of college graduates that we can look at for recruitment, but there is also lateral recruitment that
we will continue to do. In terms of what the constraints could be, we feel that the demand
environment is extremely strong, we believe that we have the ability through recruitment, training
to fulfill that demand. So today from our perspective, we see quite an optimistic view of where the
market is, where the clients are and not really so many constraints.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Rukmini Rao from Business Today who joins us on audio.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
20Rukmini Rao
Sir two questions, one you have been able to add an incremental revenue of 780+ million in a very
difficult year. What you would say Infosys has done differently given that we have seen your peers
add less than about 150 million in the whole of last year. Two, we also heard them say that the
large deals are not coming at great margins. I want to get your thoughts on it, to see what the
correlation might be with the guidance that you have given for the coming year.
Salil Parekh
First, I think on the revenue we are extremely proud and delighted with the trust of the clients
because we have as you pointed out 5% growth in this extremely difficult financial year that just
completed and we see that really because the way we have built the capabilities of digital, the
way our clients have given us many of those projects we talked at the start of the year for some
consolidation, we have seen that in this last financial year and there has also been extreme focus
on automation and cost capabilities and there again we believe we have a leading capability in
terms of automation that our clients have really engaged with us. So, we see that gain of market
share differentiate and position Infosys as the industry leading growth company, in terms of this IT
services business worldwide. Now the way we see, what we are seeing on large deals, we see a
good traction. The large deals really come when clients are looking at very strategic, digital
transformation programs, which start with business, technology, and operations together or look at
business, technology and cloud, which drives a lot of that change. We have also shared that in
general our digital margins on average are higher than the company average margins. We are not
specifically looking at large deal margins that we share externally, but our margin guidance is
extremely robust between 22% and 24% and we feel comfortable with the way the large deals that
we have worked on, that we will deliver to that guidance in the coming year.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Sai Ishwar from the Informist.
Sai Ishwar
Sir, one question to you Salil, TCS in their commentary yesterday had told that they are seeing
unusually high demand for smaller deals. If I go through your numbers, even you have seen 10%
to 15% increase compared to last year in your $1 mn and $10 mn brackets. Could you actually
give us a colour on the deal size you are getting, the size of the deals you have won till now and
where and when do you see the smaller deals receding? And one question for you Pravin Sir, in
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
21the same time last year we saw a lot of sectors like retail, manufacturing and travel getting affected
because of the pandemic and right now globally I think at least in India we are back to square one
in terms of the pandemic, so could you give us some colour on these sectors which are directly
affected by the pandemic. What is your outlook on the sectors? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for those questions. First one, we are seeing demand both for large deals and for midsized
deals, so we do not see that there is less demand for one or the other. Overall, we see good
demand across all that spectrum. Pravin mentioned the composition of our large deals, the
number of large deals that we have and it is spread across different size, buckets even in those
large deals. What we have seen today, really is based on the capabilities that we have built up we
see good traction for small, medium, and large deals from our client base and that is helping us to
see a strong outlook for growth for the next year. Let me pass it to Pravin for the other one.
Pravin Rao
In terms of some of the distressed sectors like retail or manufacturing, let me take retail for
starters. Obviously, retail was one of the sectors which was majorly impacted by the pandemic,
many of the subsegments of retail continue to be impacted. However, from our perspective barring
the first quarter of last year, in the last three quarters we have seen gradual uptick in demand from
retail segment. We had in fact we have ended Q4 with good performance in retail, so on the back
of this increasing performance as well as some of the net new large deal wins, we had in the
second half of last year, we feel fairly positive about retail in the coming year. Likewise, in
manufacturing this was again one of the sectors which was majorly impacted. They had
challenges both on the supply side constraints as well as on the demand side but with the
economy opening, we have slowly started seeing some uptick in demand, in industrial to some
extent in auto space. Aerospace we still see softness and it may take several quarters for it to
recover, but again in this space we have done extremely well. In fact, one of the largest deal, last
quarter we won one of the largest deals in the history of Infosys, so we have industry leading
performance in this segment, and we remain optimistic in the coming year as well in terms of
growth and increasing market share.
Travel and hospitality again continue to be dealing with multiple waves and so on. So here again,
while many sectors are distressed there is a need for them to invest in technology to build
resilience and to increase their connect with consumers and employees in the virtual world. So,
while the distress comes on one hand, there seems to be continued investment on technology on
the other hand. That is something we have started seeing in the travel and hospitality as well,
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
22though in a small sense, not as big as what we are seeing in some of the other sectors like
financial services.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from ET Prime, Jochelle Mendonca who joins us over audio.
Jochelle Mendonca
We have seen net new deals in the large deals, 60% this year compared to 30% last year, have
you made changes in how you chase large deals that will account for this kind of massive jump in
the net new quantum and are you expanding the large deals team to address the increasing
demand we are seeing on the client’s side?
Salil Parekh
I think, we are continuously looking at better ways to connect with our clients. In that light, every
quarter, and every year we make refinements to how we approach the market, that is part of the
ongoing way that our business is evolving especially on large deals and many other areas of the
company. In terms of what we are seeing in expansions, there as well we feel there is a good
outlook in terms of what we see in the demand. So, there is an overall expansion that we are
looking on how we build our go to market capabilities, whether it is for large deals, overall CSG
and sales, new account openings or the account expansion approach, so overall we feel there are
more ways that we will have to connect with clients.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. We have Supriya’s questions online and in the interest of time I am going to quickly
read it out to you gentlemen then we come to the close of this Q&A session.
Supriya from TechCircle has requested us to read out her questions to you. For Pravin, what is the
percentage of salary hikes that were offered across bands or levels of employees, were there
particular concentrations in any geographies or type of delivery units and how many employees
have been hired in 2021 so far and how much of these were freshers.
For Salil, with rising potential in digital transformation do we see Infosys’s M&A strategy any time
in your tenure as CEO from capturing foreign market shares to capturing new IPs to drive product
innovation beyond what competition will keep adapting towards?
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
23Pravin Rao
I will start first with the salary hike. We did one salary hike effective January. The quantum was
similar to what we have done historically, and the quantum of salary hike also varies from
geographies. It is different in India, it is different in other geographies and even within these
geographies, we normally tend to have higher compensation increase at lower levels and lower
compensation increase at higher levels. So that is something we had really done in the January
cycle. Now in terms of number of hires, this year we hired about 36,500 people, out of it about
21000 people are freshers and I am talking about FY21.
Salil Parekh
In terms of the M&A, the focus will remain on what we are seeing in the digital space, there is
more and more that we are seeing that we can scale up whether it is on cloud, cybersecurity, data
and analytics. We are also looking at areas which are related to Internet of Things, we are looking
at other parts of our business, which can also help us to be part of the digital transformation
agenda for our clients whether that is in the area which relates to business, marketing, to sales,
technology, engineering services and other areas, so those are all the places where we are
looking in terms of what we could look for M&A. There is no fixed approach in terms of geography,
we are always looking to see what we can do in services, but where we can have IP that supports
that for our clients, we are open to that as well. The primary focus is really on digital and
expanding our services team.
Rishi Basu
Thank you Salil, thank your Pravin and with that we come to the close of this Q&A session. We
thank our leaders, thank you Salil, thank you Pravin and thank you Nilanjan for joining us today.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
24