
Thank you. The next question is from Sai Ishwar from the Informist.
Sai Ishwar
Sir, one question to you Salil, TCS in their commentary yesterday had told that they are seeing
unusually high demand for smaller deals. If I go through your numbers, even you have seen 10%
to 15% increase compared to last year in your $1 mn and $10 mn brackets. Could you actually
give us a colour on the deal size you are getting, the size of the deals you have won till now and
where and when do you see the smaller deals receding? And one question for you Pravin Sir, in
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
21the same time last year we saw a lot of sectors like retail, manufacturing and travel getting affected
because of the pandemic and right now globally I think at least in India we are back to square one
in terms of the pandemic, so could you give us some colour on these sectors which are directly
affected by the pandemic. What is your outlook on the sectors? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for those questions. First one, we are seeing demand both for large deals and for midsized
deals, so we do not see that there is less demand for one or the other. Overall, we see good
demand across all that spectrum. Pravin mentioned the composition of our large deals, the
number of large deals that we have and it is spread across different size, buckets even in those
large deals. What we have seen today, really is based on the capabilities that we have built up we
see good traction for small, medium, and large deals from our client base and that is helping us to
see a strong outlook for growth for the next year. Let me pass it to Pravin for the other one.
Pravin Rao
In terms of some of the distressed sectors like retail or manufacturing, let me take retail for
starters. Obviously, retail was one of the sectors which was majorly impacted by the pandemic,
many of the subsegments of retail continue to be impacted. However, from our perspective barring
the first quarter of last year, in the last three quarters we have seen gradual uptick in demand from
retail segment. We had in fact we have ended Q4 with good performance in retail, so on the back
of this increasing performance as well as some of the net new large deal wins, we had in the
second half of last year, we feel fairly positive about retail in the coming year. Likewise, in
manufacturing this was again one of the sectors which was majorly impacted. They had
challenges both on the supply side constraints as well as on the demand side but with the
economy opening, we have slowly started seeing some uptick in demand, in industrial to some
extent in auto space. Aerospace we still see softness and it may take several quarters for it to
recover, but again in this space we have done extremely well. In fact, one of the largest deal, last
quarter we won one of the largest deals in the history of Infosys, so we have industry leading
performance in this segment, and we remain optimistic in the coming year as well in terms of
growth and increasing market share.
Travel and hospitality again continue to be dealing with multiple waves and so on. So here again,
while many sectors are distressed there is a need for them to invest in technology to build
resilience and to increase their connect with consumers and employees in the virtual world. So,
while the distress comes on one hand, there seems to be continued investment on technology on
the other hand. That is something we have started seeing in the travel and hospitality as well,
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
22though in a small sense, not as big as what we are seeing in some of the other sectors like
financial services.
