
Thank you. The next question is from Saritha Rai from Bloomberg.
Saritha Rai
Good evening gentlemen. My first question is to Salil. Salil, you talked this evening about
acceleration towards offshore, in your onshore, offshore hybrid model and you also talked about
digital design studios, acceleration of cloud, all of it can be served from your offshore centers. I just
wanted to know what is going to happen to your localization plan, what is going to happen to the
development centers that you were going to set up in the US especially in Europe, how does the
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
19plan change? My second question is about the coming challenges, you talked today about having
25,000 people from the campuses in the coming year, maybe 26000 if my math is right to what
Pravin just said, so there is going to be a lot of demand not just for fresh graduates of which India
produces millions, but also in the middle and top levels of talent, I wonder if that is going to be a
constraint for growth and if you see any challenges facing the industry, if you could elaborate on
this please?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for your questions Saritha. First one on what we see as the mix, we were starting to see in
the last financial year, was a big shift on the offshore side with the onsite mix coming down.
Having said that we still have a huge amount of work that we do from our digital centers, our
design studios, our proximity centers whereas in Europe, US, North America and Canada or in
Asia Pacific, in Australia and so on. So those are the things, which are very much a part of what is
going on with our clients, some of that discussion was on if the hybrid model becomes part of our
future, but even those centers – those digital studios, those digital delivery centers will have the
hybrid model working, but in those geographies. So two trends are working here, which we see,
one is that there is some shift to offshore that we saw in the last year in terms of delivery and we
have shared some of the stats on how the onsite mix has evolved and the second one is much
more hybrid wherever the work is going on, hybrid in that sense work-from-home, whether it is
going on in the European market, in the US market or in the Asia Pacific market or ofcourse when
they are doing that in India whether it is in campus or work-from-home. Our sense is both of those
trends will play out and we will see how those trends play out. So, all of the work we have done in
terms of building local delivery centres will help us, but also the fact that we have built our
capability that can allow our employees to work in this hybrid mode, work-from-home and work-
from-office will also help us as we move ahead. In terms of recruitment, as Pravin was sharing, we
are looking at in the range of 26000 campus hires, couple of thousand which would be outside
India, about 24000 which will be in India. As you pointed out we have within India, a large number
of college graduates that we can look at for recruitment, but there is also lateral recruitment that
we will continue to do. In terms of what the constraints could be, we feel that the demand
environment is extremely strong, we believe that we have the ability through recruitment, training
to fulfill that demand. So today from our perspective, we see quite an optimistic view of where the
market is, where the clients are and not really so many constraints.
