
Thank you Ayan.
The next question is from Chandra from Moneycontrol.
Chandra Ranganathan
Thank you. I hope all of you are well and safe. Salil, I know you addressed the consulting question
at the beginning, but my question is the way different companies are approaching it seems to be
very different. While some of them are taking the acquisition route, others are talking about the
organic route in terms of how they will leverage expertise of both the company as well as the client
to kind of build out an end-to-end solution. Now Infosys has tried acquisitions in the past, so what
would your own approach be to sort of upsell IT services. Is this an area that you are looking at
seriously? Do you think Infosys can do what a McKinsey or an Accenture are doing today in this
area?
The other question was for Nilanjan, while a lot of people are talking about the buyback premium,
they are talking about gap up opening for the stock tomorrow, 25%, I think is higher than more
people were expecting, so what did you factor in while deciding on the buyback price.
Pravin, couple of questions for you, you said that you will look at a number of incentives, would
expanding the ESOP pool be one of them, because you are also competing with Tata’s and
Hyperscalers to acquire talent and why did you put off this second compensation review till July. I
mean, shouldn’t you not to have done this perhaps now or next month considering your attrition is
at 15%, your utilization is at 88%, so what would your comfort level be on utilization also going
forward? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for your question. Let me start with the first one. I think what we are seeing in the market is
with all the digital work there is more decision making, that is, in addition to the technology buyers,
also the business buyers. What Infosys has done over the years is built a very strong consulting
business. As you pointed out through acquisitions but also through organic means, you know over
the last couple of years, our consulting business is performing well and connecting well with clients
across different geographies and industries. So, our approach is very much of the view where we
need to work with business buyers and make sure that our consulting and technology teams work
hand in hand. If you look at some of the large digital transformation programs we had started in the
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
15last year, we take an example of Vanguard, that really is something that looks at business issues
and insights which are driven by our consulting team and also industry leads which are driven by
our industry team and technology and process operation’s capabilities those coming from the tech
and BPM. It is really bringing all of these things together, that is more important in our mind, the
‘One Infosys’ approach that I referenced at the opening as opposed to just doing one thing let’s
say consulting or on another thing which is the industry or something else on tech . So yes, we see
many peers that you referenced, doing those sort of things but we are now well ahead of that. We
are in this more where all of this is integrated, as ‘one Infosys’ and bring that to the client. Let me
pass it to Pravin, with respect to the second question.
Pravin Rao
On the attrition front, obviously, we had a salary increase effective January 1 and so we felt July 1,
would be the right thing. Historically, also we have always had a phased approach to
compensation increase and we do it in a staggered manner. And that is something we want to get
back to our regular cycle in the coming year as well and so we felt July would be adequate. In the
interim, as I said earlier, if there are any other interventions required in terms of retentions, we will
be happy to do that and we are already doing that. In terms of RSUs, already for 10% to 15% of
our promising people in the mid-level and it is not something new, in the past few years we have
been issuing RSUs and that program continues.
Nilanjan Roy
On the buyback price, first thing is this is an open market buyback unlike the other buyback which
you have seen in the recent past which are tender buybacks where the price is fixed. So, our
premium of 25% give or take versus 1400 is the maximum buyback price that is number one. So, it
is not the price which we will buy that is the maximum price, this is the more longer drawn process
in terms of timing, because firstly this needs shareholder approval at the AGM which is scheduled
for June and then there is a longer process during which we will buy. So, this we will go on for the
next six to seven months if not more and considering both these factors, we think a maximum
price of 1750 is quite fair.
