
Thank you. The next question is from Shilpa Phadnis from Times of India.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
10Shilpa Phadnis
Good evening gentlemen. Sir, you have set yourself a three year roadmap to turn around Infosys.
What is Infosys’ next, especially from a strategic standpoint when the pandemic has gone from
threat to opportunities to spurt your client’s transformation agenda? The second question is though
cloud adoption is driving a multiyear tech cycle, with the ramp up in cloud deals, how do you see
the pricing, will it only get better? Coming from the recent ISG commentary, they talk about how
the cloud ACV’s are moderating, so what are the specific challenges in terms of acceleration in
cloud migrations? My third question is on the deal front, you have won a $14 bn TCV but largely is
it on renewals restructuring, is there a challenge in terms of the new scope trajectory, if you can
help us with this, sir. Thank you.
Salil S Parekh
Thanks for the questions. I will start off with the first one on our three-year program and how we
look ahead. We think we had an extremely successful three-year journey, some of the elements
are how we really reshaped and become a digital services company. Today, digital is more than
50% of our business. The large deals that you mentioned at $14 bn, but there is also a
tremendous amount of work we have done in reskilling of our employees, in looking at automation,
and variety of steps within the company, the way we transformed to a live enterprise, are a
complete change in the way Infosys is working with clients and working with employees today.
Now as we look ahead what we see is real intense capabilities around digital and there the main
focus remains around cloud, around data and analytics, around cybersecurity and with the launch
of Cobalt, Infosys Cobalt Cloud capability set, we are again in a leading position to work with
clients on their cloud journeys. So, we feel quite comfortable in the path we have taken and how
we are looking ahead in partnering with our clients on their digital transformation journeys.
On the large deals, Pravin will elaborate but the one point I wanted to make was with the $14 bn
numbers that you referenced, 66% is net new. So, in many ways that is the driver. Of course we
are also very strong in doing what is going on and those are the factors that come into play as we
look at the guidance for the future. Let me pass it on to Pravin.
Pravin Rao
I think as Salil said overall $14 bn, 66% is net new and even in Q4, 52% was net new. Last year
when we did $9 bn of large deals TCV, only about 37% was net new. So, this varies, there is some
volatility in net new but it is equally important. We have to win renewals; we cannot afford to lose
whatever we have at present. At the same time, we also have to capture market share and that is
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
11where the net new comes in. So, we have a good balance out there and I think this year given the
66% of what we have won is net new, it is a very strong base for getting into FY22.
Shilpa Phadnis
Sir, on the cloud ramp up, if you can just help us with that question in terms of the pricing and
given the background the recent ISG commentary on how the cloud ACVs are decelerating, so
what are some of the challenges when it comes to cloud migration programs?
Salil Parekh
So on cloud, the migration is one part of it, so in the cloud area, and again ISG also pointed this
out: There are multiple facets of the cloud work that we are engaged in or clients are looking it.
There is a piece which is of migration, but there is a piece which relates to how clients are
adopting public cloud or private cloud and there is a piece within our Cobalt structure which relates
to how clients are looking at SaaS providers and rolling out that capability within their ecosystem.
Our experience is that actually cloud programs are quite large and today what we have seen in
FY21 within $14 bn is a very strong cloud capability programs that we are working with clients on,
so we do not see that scale or size of cloud deals is going to decelerate. In terms of margins, there
are different profiles or different things of the cloud depending on whether you are working on the
public cloud or working on SaaS. In general, we do have a view on our digital margin which is on
average higher than the average margin of the business.
