
Thank you. The next question is from the Shivani Shinde from Business Standard who joins us on
audio. Shivani, can you unmute yourself.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
16Shivani Shinde
Couple of questions have been asked but let me get more clarification. Salil, you just replied
completed three years of the entire restructuring plan that you started in April of 2018. Are you
happy to see that Infosys? You have spoken that digital is going to be going ahead roadmap, call
out three really important aspects in digital that you would want Infosys to be ready with and I am
looking at a roadmap of five years, and where do you see Infosys in the next five years? Also
please give us color on the core business aspect which has been going down, where do we see
that bottoming out? Nilanjan, a hygiene question FY22 in terms of capex what do we expect from
Infosys, work-from-home still continues to be there. So, if you could throw a little bit color on that?
Pravin, lot of questions asked on salary hikes and attrition, if you could give us the quantum of
hikes and on campus hiring you said that you are hiring almost similar or slightly more, are you
giving a geography breakup as well? Thank you, gentlemen.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for those questions. Let me start Shivani. What we have done over the three years we
talked a little bit earlier about I think a huge way both within the company and how we connect with
clients on their digital journeys and there has been a huge change there. Now looking ahead as
you said on a five-year horizon, I think, the thing really to keep in mind is one of the biggest
opportunities in front of us because our clients are going there is really the cloud opportunity and it
may be simple to say cloud because it encapsulates a variety of things that is part of the reason
why we have launched Cobalt. It really goes into a lot of specific elements which relate to different
parts of the cloud - whether it is the public cloud, private cloud, of course in the hybrid environment
or the SaaS capabilities and then migrations and cloud native development. These elements, each
of them are huge capabilities that we have built up and we think that this is going to be significant
part of where, our clients are driving their digital journeys and so we think this should become
bigger part of our work going forward. Another area I would really focus on is data and analytics. It
is something that is becoming more critical in how that is being developed with our clients in mind
and it is an integral part of what we are doing in our digital transformation work with our clients, so
that will become large. There are couple of other places where we are also making huge inroads
which we will talk more and more about as we go ahead into the next five years, but we are well
positioned to capture what our clients are looking to drive in their spend and therefore become
closer partners with them. With that, let me pass it may be first Nilanjan on capex, then Pravin with
the salary discussion.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
17Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so on capex as you know in FY21, pretty much we shutdown on the infrastructure capex as
everybody was working from home and in fact repurposed a lot of spend on work-from-home
enablement which was about laptops, communication, security. Going into next year, some of the
in-flight projects we think will start back and we will continue to focus on enablement of work-from-
home. So, there will be some ramp up of capex versus the prior but it will still be below the pre-
pandemic levels.
Pravin Rao
On the compensation, quantum will be as per the industry norms. Obviously, we will be targeting
segments where the attrition is higher and in terms of campus hires this year we had 21000
campus hires, over 19000 in India and about 2000 outside India. In the coming year we are talking
about close to 25000 plus, about 24000 in India and may be a couple of thousand outside India.
