
Thank you Salil. We now open the floor for questions. With Salil, we have Mr. Pravin Rao, Chief
Operating Officer, Infosys and Mr. Nilanjan Roy, Chief Financial Officer, Infosys.
With this, we open with the first question. And the first question is from Sharad Dubey, CNBC
Awaaz who joins us on video. Sharad please unmute yourself and ask your question.
Sharad Dubey
I have a question for Salil Sir. The constant currency growth for fourth quarter itself came at almost
2% and expectations were almost 3% to 3.5%. So, what can be the reasons that attributed for this
and what goes ahead in the outlook. And the other query I have is for Pravin Sir, the attritions
which has increased by almost 5%, came in at almost 15% for Q4. So, do you expect the numbers
in attrition to increase in FY2022 and what does the outlook look like?
Salil Parekh
Let me start with the revenue. I think for the quarter as you mentioned the revenue growth was at
2%. We had a very strong volume growth at 4.5%. We had a mixed move from onsite to offshore
which caused some of the change and some of third party costs, which normally come in, did not
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
4come in, in Q4. However, our full year growth guidance remains very strong at 12% to 14% for the
FY22 and we continue to see a very good demand in what we are seeing from our clients today.
Pravin Rao
On the attrition front, it has increased from 10% to 15.2%. This is an annualized attrition of IT
Services. This is something that we had anticipated and it is a reflection of the strong demand that
we are seeing in the market. Having said that, we are increasing our efforts to retain our talent. We
had the first round of compensation increase effective January. We have announced one more
round of normal cycle with effective date July and in between any other interventions that are
required to retain some of the best talent, we will continue to do that. Over the past year also we
have engaged our people, we provided a strong value proposition in terms of engagement and
enablement. There is a lot of focus on continuous learning, lot of important projects that people get
to work on, there is a lot of career advancement opportunity and so on. In the past year also during
COVID, we have really done extremely well in terms of engaging with people, engaging their
families, providing a lot of support. We had more than 900 plus interventions and so on and we
have received very positive feedback. So, we are very confident that with these measures we
should be able to navigate through this. The attritions are likely to remain at this level for the next
one or two quarters given the demand, but we are very confident of managing through this and
meeting our client commitments.
