
Thank you Sajeet. The next question is from Kushal Gupta from Zee Business.
Kushal Gupta
I have two questions, one is with regards to the digital revenue share, last quarter, in Q3 we saw
that it crossed more than 50%, so going forward by the end of FY22 what is the deal trajectory we
are expecting for digital contracts? How much share could we end up with in FY22? Secondly
would be on the regional front, for example, North America and Europe how are we seeing the
business shaping up there? Is there a second wave, are we done away with that and the kind of
considerations or how is the client spending going to be for FY22 from your IT client’s perspective?
Salil Parekh
Let me start with the digital one and then come to geography and Pravin can add something on
geography as well. On digital, we are seeing tremendous growth, we have 34% growth in this Q4
and we see all of our clients are at different stages of their digital transformation activities. What is
good for us is clients are trusting Infosys to work with them in many different parts of the digital
transformation, for example in cloud, data and analytics, cybersecurity and many other areas.
Given the trajectory of growth we have seen recently and given the demand and pipeline we
believe this sort of growth will continue, we do not have a specific number for the end of the year
percentage that digital will be but we feel comfortable that we are gaining market share and
growing quite fast in digital.
In terms of geography, the demand in US clients, European clients are strong. What we are seeing
is with the vaccine rollouts, the US has already started to see some resumption of normalcy over
the next 3 to 4 months and Europe also has progressed quite a lot and they will come maybe just
a little bit after that. UK is also in good shape from that perspective with their lockdown starting to
ease as we saw yesterday and we think that that will also come into good shape with all of the
stimulus that each of those governments have provided, something similar for us in Asia Pacific
business, especially as it relates to Australia, New Zealand and Singapore. So overall the demand
environment is starting to improve in most of these places.
