
A very good evening and thank you for joining Infosys’ fourth quarter financial results. I am Rishi
and on behalf of Infosys, I would like to welcome you to our press conference today. Before we
commence, I want to take a moment to mention a few guidelines. Our friends from media, you will
be on mute by default throughout the press conference. You will be requested to unmute yourself
when we announce you for your questions and we request one question from each journalist so
that we can accommodate everyone over the next hour. In case you are disconnected, please
rejoin using the same link that was sent to you by our teams. With that let me invite our Chief
Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh for his opening remarks. Over to you Salil!
Salil Parekh
Thanks Rishi. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining us for this session. I
trust you and your families are well and safe. We had an exceptional year and an exceptional
quarter. Our YoY constant currency growth was at 9.6% for Q4 and for the full year our growth
was 5% in constant currency.
Our digital business grew by 34% YoY in Q4 and now representing 51.5% of our overall revenue.
Our large deal wins were at $14 bn for the full year, a growth of 57% over the previous financial
year and they were at $2.1 bn for Q4. Within the full year large deals, 66% were net new helping
us to set up a very strong foundation for the next financial year.
With these exceptional results, we had industry-leading growth in FY21. We continue to gain
market share and I am grateful for the trust our clients have put in Infosys as we partner with them
for their digital transformation programs.
Our growth was broad based, with several of our industry segments showing strong growth YoY
and it stems from a market-leading capabilities, digital, cloud, cybersecurity and in data analytics
which allow us now to work with our clients’ most aspirational digital transformation activities.
Our operating margin for FY21 improved by 320-basis points to reach 24.5% for the full year. For
the quarter as well it was 24.5%. I am extremely proud of our employees and their enormous
commitment especially during this past year but in general across the years. We will launch our
second compensation review in a phased manner starting in July 2021. Our employees and our
entire leadership team worked cohesively and for the benefit of our clients. This approach which
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
3we call One Infosys has really enabled us to have a very strong FY21 and allowed us to look
ahead with success.
Now looking ahead we see continued strong demand from our clients, especially in digital, in
cloud, in data and we have a strong foundation of large deals. With that our constant currency full
year revenue guidance for FY22 is growth between 12% and 14%. For operating margin, our
superior performance in FY21 was in part because of the improvement in several strategic cost
levers and in part because of cost avoidance and deferment. With normalcy returning gradually
across the world, we anticipate some of those costs to return. With that our operating margin
guidance for FY22 is between 22% and 24%.
In keeping with our capital allocation policy, we propose an increase to the total dividend per share
by 54% over the previous year for a full year dividend at Rs.27. In addition, we propose a buyback
of equity shares of up to Rs. 9200 Crores, which is approximately $1.2 bn. We will use the open
market method for this buyback. Thank you very much. With that let me pause and let us open it
up for questions.
