
Thank you. The next question is from Chandra Srikanth from Moneycontrol.
Chandra Srikanth
Going by the guidance that you mentioned, can you give us a sense of the incremental revenues
that you will be adding for FY’24? Because based on the back of the envelope calculation, I
think it will come up to some $300 mn to $500 mn compared to the $3 bn that you added in
the previous fiscal. So, can you give us a sense of how much incremental revenues you expect
to add in FY’24?
And Salil, what are you hearing from clients? I mean, yesterday, the TCS management
mentioned that discretionary projects are getting deferred. There are no cancellations or budget
Page 9 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
cuts, but clients are spending wisely. If you can give us a sense of what the conversations are
like, what kind of deal discussions are happening, and how impacted are you by the regional
banking crisis in the US? I think JPMorgan recently said that you and TCS have the highest
exposure to regional banks in the US. So, if you can give us a sense of that because financial
services have declined quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year?
Salil Parekh
The first part is on the regional banks, Nilanjan will come back with that. But on the first part
-- two parts what you asked. One, on the incremental revenue, so as you know, we don't give a
specific dollar number for that. But our guidance very clearly allows you to interpret it as 4%
to 7% constant currency growth on the base, which now is closed on March 31. So, both
reported and constant currency, we have those numbers. But that is our guidance, which will
therefore give you the incremental revenue.
On what our clients are telling us. Now several industries where we have talked about,
Telecom, Retail, Hitech, and parts of Financial Services, there are some clients which are
seeing in their own business, whatever constraints they're seeing with the economic
environment. As a consequence, we have noticed that some decisions were made during the
quarter to stop some parts of the programs, not everything, but some parts of the program. And
that's what we observed in the quarter. Plus, what Nilanjan and I also shared, there was some
one-time impact in the quarter.
Now, what we see going ahead, we saw some stabilization in March, but the demand
environment is still uncertain. In the last quarter, we saw that certain banking situations were
in the US and European geographies, impacting decision-making across the board. With that
in mind, we are working very closely with our clients and supporting them, making sure that
we remain committed to our clients as they go through their way of dealing with the situation
that's changing. And we believe that as we did in the past, the clients connect with us will help
us massively in the future as well.
Having said that, we have an extremely large pipeline, the largest pipeline we have seen in a
long while, while there is still a slowing in the cycle of closing the deals, the deals are very
Page 10 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
strong, and some of them are mega deals. So, we feel good that there is a pipeline focused on
cost and efficiency, and consolidation.
Chandra Srikanth
I think the Street was expecting 21% to 23% and I think you've given 20% to 22%. So again,
what are the pressure points there? Is it rising onsite cost?
Nilanjan Roy
So, like I said, we have ended the year at 21% and in fact, the quarter closed at 21% and the
full year is 21%. So, we have seen a very steady 21% and frankly, that is the midpoint between
20% to 22% and it gives us the flexibility to look at certain headwinds if they arise. There will
be some increases like I just mentioned earlier, it will be in terms of travel and compensation.
And of course, we have the whole benefit of utilization, the pyramid, etc., to work. So, I think
that's a fair range. And of course, our aspiration continues to be to improve our margin profile.
