
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. Please go
ahead.
Ravi Menon
Thank you for the opportunity. Just want to clarify on this pass through cost, should we not
think of this as like a margin tailwind whenever this pass through cost reduces because I
assume that your customers have the option let us say if it is the ServiceNow software, they
can procure it themselves. So, I would assume that these are done at zero markup would that
be correct?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, these are long-term contracts and I think the value proposition which we have is how we
bundle services with these software. So, it is just not a one-off sale. I think that the
proposition with us, is that we can integrate this into the cloud into the vertical stacks etc. and
bundle that with the services which we have. So that is the way we look at it.
Ravi Menon
But my question was what should we assume as a margin for this, should we assume that this
is a margin tailwind, should we think of this and adjust for the margins accordingly. I assume
that this is a zero margin because the client can actually procure that and just ask you to
implement it.
Nilanjan Roy
But as you see the overall market for software as a service is growing dramatically and that is
something where we can come in and add this value. So, it is just not one client with one
software there are multiple clients, there are horizontal softwares, various kinds as well. So, I
22think this is a proposition which we have which is quite unique for us so you just cannot see
it as a one-off intervention with one client.
Ravi Menon
So are you saying these are software that you own, this is your intellectual property, I thought
these are third party items bought for service delivery.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes like I said these are software which are of course owned by the SaaS vendors but the
bundling of services which we do with it, that is the value proposition we give to our client.
Ravi Menon
Second question is, if you look at the incremental revenue this quarter we added about $30
mn, last quarter we added north of $50 mn, if I remember correctly and this quarter the
increase in pass through cost is $40 mn. So, if I just for that, your services revenue has
dropped in a surprisingly strong demand environment. So how should we think about it? I
mean is it that certain projects have come to an end and this is across the board, I mean we
have seen decline in Life sciences both in North America and Europe. But it is not that this
one vertical that dragged you down or a particular client, it seems to be the incremental
revenue is soft across the board so how should we think about that.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes so firstly, volume growth sequentially has been very strong first point. Second point if
you see our YoY, it is 20.6% versus 19.7% for the year. Our number for exit rate is higher
than the average for the year. Number two our volumes growth sequentially is higher, we
have added 22,000 people this quarter and I am assuming many of these are being hired to
look for future demand and get them into production so that is the third signal we have got.
Fourth if you see from a revenue perspective versus the volume increase we have seen. We
have talked about the seasonality of quarter four, and if you look back over the last 5-6 years
we have always had a seasonality of revenue versus volume in quarter four because of the
working day impact. We have seen some COVID leave in the initial part of January
23impacting us. We had this one off we have just talked about the commercial contract for one
client and of course there are some other puts and takes. So I do not think you can just see
quarter four in isolation. We would not have given a guidance of 13% to 15% - this is
probably the highest guidance we have given at the start of the year in the last 10 years at
least. So I think all the demand indicators and landmarks are looking very good.
Ravi Menon
One last question on the utilization. You are talking about cooling it down a little. What
would be a good range that we should think about, would it come down to about 85% or so,
would that be sufficient or should we think even lower.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so 85% is the number – it may go up or down in the quarter but that would be
somewhere where we would be – more or less in the comfort range as well.
