
11Thank you. The next question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities.
Please go ahead.
Moshe Katri
Thanks for taking my questions. It would be great if you can give us some more clarity and
the client specific contractual position that you mentioned is getting lot of questions from the
investors. How does that impact the revenue numbers for the quarter. Is there a margin
impact as well? I think any clarity is going to be really helpful. And this is a followup looking
at the margin guidance for FY2023, I would see you have brought down by a 100 basis point.
Are we assuming they picked up from the wage inflation here and then are we also assuming
lower pricing power which is something that actually did help in terms of levers hardly for
the past 6 to 12 months. Thanks a lot.
Nilanjan Roy
Moshe we heard the first question on the client contractual provision. Just to clarify this the
numbers are very small. These are less than a percentage, so it is not a big impact overall as
people are making it out. So we just want to close that out. It is not a big impact but less than
1%. But since you are looking at revenue growth sequentially, I just wanted to call it out.?
Moshe Katri
The second question is to do with your margin guidance for FY23, does this actually factor
an acceleration in wage inflation in FY2023 and maybe a lower pricing power also kind of
not factored into those numbers?
Nilanjan Roy
Okay Moshe , I could make out something you said about of wage inflation as well. So yes,
in Q1, we will do a compensation hike as well both offshore and onsite and like I said it will
be competitive. We will benchmark this, differentiate on talent side as well. And that is
something we have seen over the last year has helped us, especially towards people with the
higher skills set, so that is working for us.
12The overall margin guidance reflects a number of events. We talked about some of the
normalization of the pandemic benefits we have got on travel and facility, and some of that
we are seeing is going to come back. And secondly, we are seeing some of the headwinds in
terms of onsite-offshore which we think we have got a large benefit last year. So, we have to
see how this opens up in the rest of the year. On the other hand, with our recruitment engine
really kicking up now, we have seen subcon cost has actually plateaued during this quarter
and we think for the rest of the year we should be able to pull back cost on subcon line.
Automation remains very core to us – cost optimization every year. We are speaking of
automating between 3000 to 4000 people and putting in BOTS and this I am talking about for
the quarter, So, we have comprehensive plans and we have talked about pricing as well. 21%
to 23% is a reasonable margin band we think we are comfortable to operate in for the next
year. If you recall even pre pandemic in a way, we were in at 21% to 23% as we ended
FY2020 which was the year before pandemic at 21.3% if I am not mistaken. So, we are at
21% to 23% and it is a comfortable range we are happy to be in.
