
Thank you Salil. We will now open the floor for questions. Joining Salil is Mr. Nilanjan Roy,
Chief Financial Officer, Infosys.
As always ladies and gentlemen we request you to ask only one question each to accommodate
everyone over the next hour and with that I am going to ask the first question from Reema
Tendulkar from CNBC TV18, Reema has sent her questions to us. One question for Salil and
one for Nilanjan.
4Salil, you started FY22 with a guidance of 12% to 14% and finally ended with 19.7% growth
for FY23. This year again you are starting with a guidance of 13% to 15%, is there conservatism
built into it? And the macro environment is far more uncertain now, economists are bringing
down their GDP forecast, do you see any impact on technology budget as your client face a
squeeze? And for Nilanjan, what led to the sharp 200 bps margin decline in Q4, your guidance
21% to 23% is also lower than the 23% that you closed FY22 with. What is the reason and
what about pricing, do you see pricing being key in margin levers?
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Rishi. The first question, let me start off with that. We see the demand environment to
be robust today. Yes, the macro environment, there is a lot of talk going on, but in our pipeline
and in the work that we are doing in digital and cloud we see a clear demand with our client
base. Based on what we have had in terms of large deals $9.5 bn in FY22, $2.3 bn in the fourth
quarter, 40% of our large deals being net new, 48% in the fourth quarter and what we are seeing
in our pipeline going ahead gives us good confidence that this is the guidance in which we start
the year at 13% to 15%. As the year progresses, we will see what the various forces are that
will play into all of this. We have also had 22,000 net additions in terms of employees and that
supports our view that we see a strong outlook in this current FY23.
Nilanjan Roy
On the margin question first, on the quarter on quarter, I think we were clear at the beginning
of the year, we gave a margin guidance band of 22% to 24% and we have ended up exact in
the middle at 23.0%. So what we have achieved this quarter, a part of it has been planned as
well. So, for instance in this quarter, utilization which is a big driver of margin has come down
that was planned we were sitting at 88.5% - uncomfortably high for us and we have brought
that down from 88.5% to 87% in this quarter. So that is one planned intervention we have done.
We knew that margins will get impacted, some of it is seasonality of Q4 because the working
and calendar days are lower from the previous quarter that also impacts margin and some of it
has been some headwinds on the revenue side. We have taken a specific commercial
contractual provision for a client which we expect to recover in the times ahead. But overall, I
think we have added 22,000 people in this quarter and this is looking ahead for the demand
environment and some of that cost pressure stem in the quarter ahead. But like I said, we are
5very comfortable where we are for the year at 23%. Looking at 21%-23% we have seen what
we want to do, as Salil talked about demand environment is very robust, making upfront
investments behind talent both in terms of getting freshers earlier in advance and also looking
at where we can invest ahead with the points which Salil talked about. We have seen the success
of that in 2019 when we made these investments and the last four years have been a result of
the market share gain as well. So that is one part of the margin and the second part is travel will
come back. We have seen that already, some of the facilities cost as people come back to work.
Those were the tailwinds due to COVID on the margin side and now some of that will return
to norm and therefore at 21% to 23% is a comfortable band which we think we can operate in
which builds in both of these impacts.
