Salil Parekh
Thanks, Rishi, and good evening everyone here for joining in, and thank you for being here on
the campus. We had an excellent full year performance in Financial Year 2023, with a growth
of 15.4% in constant currency. Our digital business grew at 25.6%, now being 62.9% of our
overall revenue. And our core services grew as well at 1.9%. We had 95 large deals with a
value of $9.8 bn for the year, 40% of which were net new.
Our operating margin for the full year was at 21%, and our attrition has continued to decline in
each quarter of the year, including in Q4.
We are leveraging generative AI capabilities for our clients and within the company today, we
have active programs and projects with clients, working with generative AI platforms to
address specific areas, processes, and libraries within their business. We have trained open-
source generative AI platforms on our own internal software development libraries. We
anticipate generative AI to provide more opportunities for work with our clients and to enable
us to improve our own productivity.
In Q4, we saw changes in the market environment. During the quarter, we saw unplanned
project ramp-downs in some of our clients and delays in decision-making which resulted in
lower volumes. In addition, we had some onetime revenue impact. While we saw some signs
of stabilization in March, the environment remains uncertain. This led to our Q4 year-on-year
growth of 8.8% in constant currency and quarter-over-quarter decline of 3.2%.
Page 3 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
Our operating margin was resilient at 21% for the quarter. We had $2.1 bn in large deals in the
quarter. Our pipeline of large deals is extremely strong. Several of these are mega deals and
several of them are opportunities for cost and efficiency programs within clients and
consolidation opportunities. Based on our sustained momentum in the financial year '23, the
strong pipeline of opportunities, especially the ones in cost efficiency and consolidation, while
also keeping in mind the uncertain environment, our revenue growth guidance for this financial
year is 4% to 7% in constant currency. Our operating margin guidance for the financial year is
20% to 22%.
Thank you, and over to you, Rishi, for our questions.
