
Thank you. The next question is from Uma Kannan from The New Indian Express.
Uma Kannan
Congrats on a strong execution in the quarter and it is fantastic to see you all in-person here.
My question is considering the present geopolitical risks since you have presence in Eastern
Europe are you planning to increase local talent there since you were talking about skilling
there so are you planning to increase there and my next question is on workforce, are you facing
any challenges in terms of a) retaining employees and b) bringing them back to base locations?
Thank you.
Salil Parekh
In Eastern Europe, putting aside the geopolitical point that you mentioned I think we have a
plan of expanding in Eastern Europe we have strong locations in multiple geographies, we are
growing all of those locations. We had an approach as you know over the last few years for
localization and in that light, we have already expanded quite significantly whether it is Poland
or Romania, and we will continue to expand in the Eastern European geography. We have work
that is done there and is really strong, and we believe that it will continue to expand.
As we were both mentioning, our approach to attrition, our approach to employee engagement,
we are making huge changes there and we are seeing increased numbers internally on what we
track with employee engagement, employee connect. What we have done as a company
12through the COVID period has really resonated with our employees in the flexibility and we
have provided the support and care, complete support around any medical issues, the
vaccination program that we ran among other things for our employees.
In terms of the base location, our approach to return to work has been to work keeping in mind
what our clients are looking for and keeping in mind what our employees are comfortable with,
we are slowly moving work back onto campus. We understand that some of our employees are
of course not in the primary location and today the work from home is working extremely well,
so what we build as we go through the next several months and quarters will be with that
flexibility with a tremendous advantage to the employees with the flexibility and we will keep
in mind what our clients are looking for. There are certain requirements within some clients
and some industries which will require some of those teams to come back sooner and then over
time with this massive recruitment from colleges we also want to be aware and responsive to
how we build the culture within the company going ahead and rebuild our social capital. But
all of those will be done in keeping the best interest of our clients, employees and the company
in mind.
