
Thank you. The next question is from Shivani Shinde from Business Standard and similar to
the Russia-Ukraine conflict. What is the impact of Russia-Ukraine conflict on Europe business
and do you see any reservations or step back on spends? And for Nilanjan, two quick questions-
what are the plans on getting people back to office and in addition to Chandra’s question
Shivani has asked compared to Q3 this quarter looks soft, can you give some more color?
Salil Parekh
So, on the first point, the clients that we are working with, and we are interacting with in Europe
today we do not see any impact of the situation between Ukraine and Russia directly with those
clients. We will wait and watch how that plays out, but in our pipeline today, in our discussions
today we do not see any change to what they are doing with the project they are thinking of,
with the transformation they are looking at, with the cost and efficiency they are looking at.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, on the return to work. We have a three-phase plan. In fact, we have rolled out in April
itself, so the first phase is people who are in the home locations so in the DCs where they are,
16whether it is in the base DC or they are in the upcountry town which is close to a DC we are
encouraging people to come at least twice in a week, eight days in a month into the DCs and
we are already seeing a lot of traction there. Senior leaders already coming in and teams are
already having huddles, etc. that is the first phase. We are also now encouraging people - and
that is part of phase two - who are outside the DC town to start making preparations over the
next few months to see if they can come back into the base DC. This is again based on the
individual circumstance, etc. and then over a longer period of time we are looking at more
hybrid sort of work, of course that will depend on clients. It will depend on regulatory
environment and a number of other considerations so this will be a phased approach and we
are seeing it really each quarter.
Chandra Ranganathan
Currently how many people are working from office and home?
Nilanjan Roy
I think we have about 95% of remote, if I am not wrong.
