
Page 19 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
Thank you, Salil. With that, we come to the end of this press conference. We have perhaps 10
more minutes in case anybody would like to ask another question. Jochelle. Please go ahead -
- Thimmaya, please use the microphone because we have to record it?
Thimmaya PP
We would like to know about the sharp drop in client addition in the fourth quarter of FY’23,
any particular reason for that?
Nilanjan Roy
No, I think it's probably to be seasonal. I don't have the exact number offhand.
Thimmaya PP
Because your own fact sheet shows that you added about 115 clients in fourth quarter. And
December quarter, it was 134, and if you look at a year back…
Nilanjan Roy
There is nothing specific really at all. I mean, 115 clients on a large base of about 1,900 clients.
So that happens, the ups and downs that happens. We also loose some clients, and we add, in
fact, net more than a loss. So, I don't think anything specific in that.
Rukmini Rao
Nilanjan, also, in terms of the utilization, whether it's including the trainees or excluding, given
that you are going into a difficult year, is there any sort of a number that you are working with
in terms of improving your utilization?
Nilanjan Roy
Of course, as we look, as the year progresses, we will have different targets for, as the quarters
progress. Because you can't put all the freshers into on day one into programs. So, it depends
on the kind of work that you will have. You will have T&M work, FP work. So, it's literally
horses for courses. Which programs come in, how many freshers can you put in, in large deals,
by default you can put in more freshers. So, it's quite complicated.
Page 20 of 23Infosys Limited
April 13, 2023
Rukmini Rao
But given that your revenue guidance is not great, that would mean to say that you'll not have
as many work, or…?
Nilanjan Roy
No, that is of course a headwind. So, one of the ways you get around that is on existing deals.
So, if a current project is three years old, you move people out from an existing deal, which is
three years, well into tenure, move up the people into higher roles, put freshers in, and move
those experienced people into other deals. So different ways you can play this game as well.
But yes, of course, I mean, if you don't have those large volumes, there is a bit of a headwind
in terms of how much we can deploy.
