
Thank you. The next question is from BloombergQuint from Sajeet Manghat. He has one
question for Salil and one for Nilanjan. Salil, with Infosys ending the year was nearly 20%-
dollar growth due to the FY21 base effect and with the kind of order book we close the year,
what is the challenge to replicating a similar growth rate in FY23 and for Nilanjan the margin
band maintained at 22% to 24%, what is the big challenge to the margin given cost pressures,
what are the levers to ensure you are at the upper end of the band?
Salil Parekh
On the growth question I think we have really gained tremendous market share in FY22 by
having the growth at close to 20%. We can see that in the way our interactions are working
with clients, we can see that in the way we have done on various analysts ratings, we can see
that in the way the perception of the company is positioned vis-à-vis digital with our clients.
14We have given a strong guidance of 13% to 15% and we look forward to executing on that with
our clients support and trust and with the work of our employees.
Nilanjan Roy
I think the guidance somebody mentioned as it has been maintained at 22% to 24%, it is actually
21% to 23% firstly. Like I mentioned earlier, as we look ahead into the year we are very clear
there is a very robust demand environment which we need to capture and this also calls for
investments to be made upfront. We already talked about utilization, putting freshers early into
the mix, hiring 22,000 employees even before we start next year and some of the other
headwinds of the pandemic which we enjoyed in a way as tailwinds which was the travel,
which was also facilities, etc., and some of that will come back. We, of course have a very
strong cost optimization program which we run throughout the year, this is elements of onsite,
offshore mix as you all know it is about the pyramid, it is about automation at scale, we put bot
factories across all our delivery lines, so these are reusable resources and assets which we can
deploy into our many of our fixed price projects, subcontractors cost which were massive
headwind for us and my friends here from the recruitment team are going to solve it this year
to get us a tailwind on subcontractor, so 21% to 23%, that margin band we are comfortable
with. And like I said, pricing is another element we are talking to our clients, of course this is
a much more longer term discussion because it only happens largely with renewals, but we can
go and start pushing for things like COLA, change request, etc. but that is something which we
really are trying to press our pedal on with our sales folks. That is very, very important part in
next year’s strategy.
