
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Infosys Earnings Conference Call. As a
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will an opportunity for
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr.
Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you Sir!
Sandeep Mahindroo
Hello, everyone, and welcome to the earnings call to discuss Q4 FY2022 earnings release. I
am Sandeep from the Investor Relations team in Bangalore. Joining us today on this earnings
call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Nilanjan Roy; along with other members of
the senior management team. We will start the call with some remarks on the performance of
the company by Salil and Nilanjan. Subsequent to which we will open the call for questions.
Please note that anything that we say, which refers to our outlook for the future is a forward-
looking statement, which must be read in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. A
full statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which
can be found on www.sec.gov.
I would now like to turn it over to Salil.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Sandeep. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to everyone joining on
the call. Thank you for taking the time to join us today.
We have had an exceptional year with an annual growth of 19.7% in constant currency terms,
which is the fastest growth we have seen in 11 years. We are gaining market share. We are
building on our leadership in cloud and digital, and we are a part of more and more programs
that our clients are looking at in digital transformation.
3Growth was broad-based across business segments, service lines and geographies. Each of
our business segments grew in double digits. The top 3 grew in high teens, U.S. and Europe
grew over 20%. The North America region crossed $10 bn in revenue, while Financial
Services crossed $5 bn revenue milestones.
Our digital revenues now account for 59.2% and grew at 41.2% for the year. Our digital
revenues crossed $10 bn annualized on a run-rate basis. Within digital, our cloud work is
growing faster, and our Cobalt Cloud capabilities have seen significant traction with our
clients.
Our growth has been accompanied by robust operating margins of 23.0%. We delivered these
margins while maintaining focus on our employees with increased compensation and
benefits.
Our large deal wins were at $9.5 bn for the full year and were $2.3 bn for Q4. Our net new
percentage was 40% for the year and 48% for Q4, helping us set up a strong growth
foundation for financial year 2023.
Our Q4 revenue growth was 20.6% YoY and 1.2% QoQ in constant currency terms. Our
industry-leading performance in FY2022 would not have been possible without the relentless
commitment from our employees. I am extremely proud as well as grateful for the
extraordinary efforts in delivering success for our clients.
Our last 12 months' attrition increased to 27.7%. Our quarterly annualized attrition declined
by approximately 5 percentage points on a sequential basis.
We recruited 85,000 college graduates in this financial year. In the fourth quarter, we had a
net addition of 22,000 employees. We have an overall strong recruitment program. This is a
reflection of our enhanced recruitment capabilities, solid brand and deep penetration into
various talent markets. This increases our comfort to support clients in their digital
transformation agenda as we look ahead.
We have initiated our compensation review exercise for this financial year. We have planned
this exercise so that we can focus on employee segments that need greater attention while
also covering a broader group with regular increases. As in the past, we will look at
4individual performance, skills and market benchmarks while determining individual
compensation increases. We will focus on accelerated career growth, targeted development
and opportunity to work on cutting-edge digital innovation globally.
Our strategy launched 4 years ago has served us well. We have delivered industry-leading
growth and industry-leading TSR.
Looking ahead to the next phase to further enhance our leadership on the digital innovation
curve, we plan to expand our capabilities in scaling our cloud business, expanding digital
capability, expanding on our automation work and increasing relevance with our large clients
and tech natives and also strengthen our employee value proposition. Our focus on staying
ahead in the cloud and digital ecosystem, the focus on our employees and the costs give us
strong confidence for the future.
Our sustained momentum in FY2022, large deal wins, robust deal pipeline and client
confidence give us comfort to guide for 13% to 15% growth in FY2023 in constant currency.
As we look ahead – as we build our new strategy, that is looking at cloud and the digital
ecosystem, our focus on employees and the costs related to the post-COVID work
environment, result in our operating margin guidance to be at 21% to 23% for FY2023.
In terms of our business segment performance, let me go through the highlights by segment.
Financial Services segment grew at 14.1% in constant currency, with 8 large deal wins during
the quarter and 27 large deal wins in FY2022. Our US business continues to lead the growth
as we work on large transformation programs. Our overall large deal pipeline in Financial
Services is healthy across the regions.
Retail segment growth was at 16.5% in constant currency. As clients focus on digital and cost
takeout programs. We are seeing integrated outsourcing deals and transformation programs in
the areas of e-commerce, revenue growth management, supply chain, product life cycle
management. We won 16 large deals from the segment in the last year and continue to have a
healthy deal pipeline.
5The Communications vertical grew strongly at 29.2% in constant currency. We see customer
experience, IT and network simplification, lean and automated zero-touch operations, time to
market and integrated data for digital enterprise as the key themes for clients in this segment.
Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services segment growth increased further to 17.8% in
constant currency. We see continued and increased emphasis on digital transformation,
especially around customer experience, operational efficiency and associated legacy
transformation. We won 4 large deals in the last quarter and 18 large deals in FY2022 from
this segment.
Growth in Manufacturing segment increased to over 50% in constant currency. There were 6
large deal wins in this segment in the last quarter and 13 wins for the last year. We are
helping clients across engineering, IoT, supply chain, cloud ERP and digital transformation
areas.
Hi-Tech growth accelerated further to 20.9% in constant currency. We have seen an increase
in deals based on edge computing, digital marketing and commerce. Cybersecurity is another
area of focus for clients due to increased threat perception.
Life Sciences vertical grew by 16.2% in constant currency. Clients are driving digital
transformation of clinical trials to reduce cycle times through direct data capture, digital
patient engagement to accelerate drug discovery, and reducing costs.
In the last quarter, we were rated as a leader in 11 ratings in the areas of cloud services, big
data and analytics, IoT and engineering, modernization and artificial intelligence.
We announced the acquisition of oddity, a Germany-based digital marketing and experience
and e-commerce agency. Together with Wongdoody, this will further strengthen our creative
branding and experience design capabilities.
With respect to capital allocation, the Board has proposed a final dividend of Rs.16 per share,
taking the total dividend for financial year 2022 to Rs.31 per share, an increase of 14.8% over
the past year.
6I want to express Infosys' support for all the people impacted by the humanitarian crisis in
Europe. The company advocates for peace between Russia and Ukraine.
While Infosys does not have any active relationships with local Russian enterprises. We have
a small team of less than 100 employees based in Russia, which service a few of our global
clients. In light of the prevailing situation, we made a decision to transition these services
from Russia to our other global delivery centers.
To support this humanitarian assistance initiatives in the region, Infosys has committed $1
million towards Ukrainian relief efforts and is launching a program to digitally reskill up to
25,000 individuals.
With that, let me hand it over to Nilanjan for his update.
Nilanjan Roy
Thanks, Salil. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining the call.
We navigated yet another year of a challenging environment with strong growth of 19.7% in
constant currency, which is highest in a decade. The incremental revenue added this year was
higher than the incremental revenue added in the previous 3 years together. This was backed
by broad-based growth across segments and robust growth in our digital portfolio at 41.2% in
constant currency.
Operating margin for the fiscal stood at 23.0%, which was at the midpoint of our guidance
band of 22% to 24%. In the backdrop of various supply side pressures, we rolled out various
measures to reduce attrition – higher compensation increases, higher promotions, skill-based
interventions, etc. in addition to higher subcons.
Free cash flows for FY2022 crossed $3 bn. DSO reduced by 4 days to 67 days. Capex
increased marginally to $290 million on the back of continued focus on optimizing the infra
creation-related spend. Consequently, FCF conversion as a percentage of net profit was 103%
for FY2022.
7FY2022 EPS grew by 14.3% in dollar terms and 15.2% in INR terms. Return on equity at
29.1% improved by 1.7% over the prior year.
Coming to Q4 performance -
Revenues grew by 20.6% YoY in constant currency and 1.2% sequentially. Growth was
broad-based across verticals and geos and was in double digits.
Although volume growth remained healthy in Q4, revenue growth in Q4 was impacted by
usual seasonality, COVID impact during the early part of the quarter and the client related
contractual provision, which we expect to recover in the future. This also impacted Q4
margins.
Mining of large clients was extremely strong in FY2022. $100 mn client count increased to
38 compared to 32 in FY2021. We had 12 clients giving $200 mn annual revenues compared
to 7 in FY2021.
We have added ~22,000 net employees, including trainees during the quarter, the highest ever
in the company's history, as we made headroom to capture the robust demand environment
ahead. Consequently, utilization in Q4 declined to 87.0% while on-site effort mix inched up
to 24.0%. Voluntary LTM attrition increased to 27.7%. While LTM attrition continues to
increase due to the tail effect, quarterly annualized attrition saw a decline of approximately
5% after flattening in the previous quarter.
Q4 margins stood at 21.5%, a drop of 200 basis points versus previous quarter. The major
components of the sequential margin movement were as follows:
- 1.6% impact due to lower calendar working days, client contractual provision as
explained above and other pricing puts and takes,
- 0.6% impact due to lower utilization as we create capacity for the future,
- 1% due to higher visa costs, third-party costs and other one-offs, which we benefited
in Q3,
and these were offset by
- approximately 1.1% benefit due to salary-related benefits, including lower working
days, leave costs and others.
8Q4 EPS grew by 9.2% in dollar terms and 13.4% in rupee terms on a YoY basis.
Our balance sheet remained strong and debt-free. Consolidated cash and equivalents
increased further to $4.9 bn at the end of the quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter was
healthy at $761 million, and yield on cash balance remained stable at 5.29% in Q4.
In line with our capital allocation policy, the Board has recommended a final dividend of
Rs.16 per share, which will result in a total dividend of Rs.31 per share for FY2022 versus
Rs.27 per share for FY2021, an increase of 14.8% per share for the year. Including the final
dividend and recently concluded buyback over the last 3 years, we have returned 73% of FCF
to shareholders under our current capital allocation policy.
Our accelerated investments in the last few years in strengthening our digital footprint,
enhancing large deal capabilities, localization, talent building has enabled us to gain
consistent market share. With the acceleration of digital disruptions across industries, we see
further scope to engage more closely with clients and capitalize on the expanding market
opportunities.
We have identified areas of investments, including doubling down our focus on digital
portfolio, scaling our cloud offerings and further enhancing our capabilities in emerging
technologies. We also remain committed to offer a compelling value proposition to
employees through reskilling, incentivization and a holistic career growth. We plan to
neutralize the impact of some of these through aggressive cost optimization and value-led
pricing driven by service and brand differentiation. This, along with post-pandemic
normalization of some expenses, like travel, facilities, etc, is reflected in the revised margin
guidance for FY2023 of 21% to 23%.
With the pandemic hopefully behind us, we hope to see many of you in person over the next
few months.
With that, we can open the call up for questions.
