
Thank you, Alnoor. The next question is from Saritha Rai from Bloomberg. Saritha, go ahead
please.
Saritha Rai
My question to Salil is about the conversations that you are having with the clients. What are the
reasons for optimism that you are seeing in particularly your major geography, the US as well as
your major vertical, the BFSI segment? The question for Pravin is about challenges that you are
facing in skilling, hiring and retaining employees just as you see the whole startup ecosystem and
the SaaS startup ecosystem, there is a lot of activity in all of these, and these are the brands that
compete with you on hiring, how do you expect to see hiring turnout in the coming quarters? And
the last question again to Pravin, is about employees’ reluctance to come back to office, have you
seen that or have you seen indications of that?
Salil Parekh
I think the first one, in my discussions especially with clients in Financial Services, there are
different types of work that we are seeing. One is work that relates to the Financial Services
companies looking to expand or get greater market share with their customer base. What we have
learnt or what they have learnt through this last several quarters is when you leverage digital
platforms and cloud, customer connect acquisition work becomes much more intuitive for their
customers and we with our capabilities set on digital and cloud are able to support that. Another
area that we see is focused on what clients in Financial Services want to do in terms of which
specific partners they want to work with. We are seeing that with the extreme resilience that we
have shown through the work-from-home move and even supporting clients through all of the
changes in the past five, six quarters there is a tremendous benefit, and we see some discussions
where we are getting more and more access to and work with some clients in Financial Services.
The third area, there is a regulatory work that we see clients in Financial Services are doing and
that requires more expansion and in many of those places, we are present. And the fourth is
where the clients are looking to combine the operations and technology, transform the whole
business, make it more efficient, but also much more digital and new age where they can engage
with their employees or other customers in a more intuitive way and when that combines tech and
ops again we find ourselves in the most strong position to support our clients because they see
that we are able to bring everything together much more effectively as ‘One Infosys’. So, there are
multiple areas in Financial Services and each sector has different aspects that we can see that
help us to scale up. With that let me pass it to Pravin.
Pravin Rao
On the attrition front, you are right. It is a reflection of the strong demand environment and in
addition to that, the startup is also very attractive place for many of our employees and with more
and more of unicorns out there, that sector is now also an increasing focus for some of our
employees. So obviously that is something we are dealing with. From our perspective, there is a
two-pronged approach - one is we are doing our best to retain people, we are trying to articulate
the value proposition, the kind of investments we are doing in terms of their own career, in
ensuring that they are digitally ready, future ready and so on, we are talking about the inclusive
culture that we have in the organization and there are lot of other investments around employee in
terms of job rotation, billing and so on, so those are some of the things we are trying to articulate
and there is a lot of deep engagement and lot of focus on retaining employees. At the same time,
we are also looking at attracting new talent as well. One of our biggest strengths has been our
ability to recruit college graduates, train them and then deploy them in a productive manner and
from that perspective we are one of the most attractive brands in the country and our ability to
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
15attract this kind of talent is very high. Even this quarter with higher attrition we have not only been
able to backfill attrition, but we have also had 8,000 of net hire. So, that is the reflection of our
ability to also recruit talent, upscale, train them and deploy them and further, so that is the other
area we will focus on.
In terms of employee’s willingness to come back to work, in some sense you are right, there is
some sense of hesitancy in terms of employees wanting to return to work. Primarily most of it is
around safety concerns and so on and it also varies from geography to geography. One of the
things, we have realized is where people are in the same city as where our campuses are located,
there I think there is much more willingness for people to come. They are looking at some kind of
flexibility rather than a big bang approach and which we are also trying to do in a phased manner,
but our challenges mostly for people who are no longer in tier-1 cities where our campuses are,
they have gone back to their home towns which will be in tier-2, tier-3 cities there, there is a
greater deal of reluctance because they are not sure whether there will be an advent of third wave,
whether they have to sit back to work-from-home and so on. So I think there is a bigger deal of
reluctance from that set of population. Our own sense is this requires some amount of pain
management and we have to do it in a very phased manner, so our approach is to first start small
8 to 12 weeks, encourage people who are willing to come on a voluntary basis and creating that
safe environment and giving them assurance, creating trust between the employees that they have
a safe environment to work on and based on that learning we will fine tune it and we are confident
over the course of the next three to six months we should be able to address any concerns
employees have and encourage them to come back to office as required depending on the nature
of work.
