-
Thank you, Sai. The next question is from Supriya Roy who joins us from TechCircle. Supriya
please go ahead.
Supriya Roy
Hi gentlemen. I want to know what fraction of the India business in this June quarter has been
coming from the government sector in the country and if you could compare that to the June
quarter the previous year. I understand the pricing is not quite affected by the volatility of the
macroeconomic conditions right now, but how does the changing demands of the India clients that
you have now and the kind of clients that you want to have in the near future who want to retain
the pricing that you have in the India market, given again the whole backdrop of COVID-19
situation. The second question is - I want to revisit the problem statement on attrition Pravin did
mention that as and when supply does catch up there will be better opportunities. So could you
just elaborate on what supply catching up is he referring to there as well, and I also want to further
define the problem statement with there are lot of these media reports which go onto show data
that lot of these heavily backed startups in the country are paying good engineers to the tune of as
much as over maybe Rs.1 Crore 11 lakhs per annum and then you have engineers with two to
three years of experience earning as much as Rs.52 lakhs or Rs.53 lakhs at these heavily backed
startups on per annum basis. So how is Infosys’ approach beyond fresher hiring going to capture
this sort of talent pool that the startups are well positioned to train as well as go on to balance the
same excellent operating margin that are currently sustaining?
Salil Parekh
Let me start off and then Pravin and Nilanjan may join in. On the India business what you
mentioned, as you know, and Nilanjan was sharing earlier, India business is small part just under
3% of our revenue. We do not split out within that any of the sectors and what the percentage of
that sector is, nor do we split out separately the pricing in that, suffice it to say what Nilanjan was
sharing that we had a growth in all of our geographies including in our India geography in Q1. We
of course, as all of us did, had an intense impact of the second wave and nonetheless our work
there continued in many ways.
In terms of attrition, let me start off and then of course Pravin will jump in. The thinking that we
have there is we want to make sure that we do everything that we are doing, keeping employees
in the forefront. Pravin mentioned number of different factors that we are looking at. Of course we
have done a lot of work as Pravin and Nilanjan both mentioned- with the January increase in
compensation with the one that kicks in, in July one with a lot of activity on promotions, all of those
things are part of work we are driving with respect to making sure that we are an extremely
attractive company for talent. Again, as Pravin mentioned, and I had shared earlier we had a net
hiring of 8,000 people, so we continue to make sure that we fulfill the demand that we are seeing
in front of us. In terms of what you said about the startups and some of the salary points, what we
see today is that we have an extremely good training environment, what Pravin referenced earlier,
three to four months, we also have a career path which is long with lots of interesting projects, and
we are able to attract employees into that talent mix. Of course, we also are looking at what we are
doing with compensation, we are also doing things which gives special bonuses where there are
digital skills involved and we work with all of our employees to make sure that holistically both from
an engagement perspective, team perspective and compensation perspective and training, we are
doing everything that supports them. Pravin, is there anything else that you would like to add?
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
17Pravin Rao
I think one clarification you wanted was around the supply. If you remember whole of last year, the
growth for the industry was muted, people had stopped hiring and many of the campus hires’
joining date was deferred. Only in the last quarter or so, with growth coming back people have
started to resume hiring and many of the deferred candidates are being asked to join the
company. There is a lead time because we have to hire, we have to train them, this training could
be four to five months before we can deploy them on the project. So that is what I meant supply
catching up, more people we hire, college graduates, train them and deploy them in projects then
when the whole situation will ease and we will be able to meet with demand in a much more
comfortable way so that is what I was referring from a supply perspective.
Other question on the startup, as Salil mentioned we also have couple of specialist teams, one we
call power programmer and the other one is called digital specialist. We hire people into these
streams that have significantly higher compensation than what we do for normal college graduate.
So, that is one way of for us to attract the right talent and we deploy these people on some of the
most challenging projects which are very attractive for these people as well. So that is other way
we tried to also try to compete and try to get the best of the candidates out there.
