
Thank you, Sajeet. The next question is from Kushal Gupta from Zee Business who joins us an
audio. Kushal please unmute yourself and ask your questions.
Kushal Gupta
My first question is to Mr. Parekh with regards to the digital revenue which we are having. It has
gone almost to 54%, so currently like in terms of the market demand which is coming up, is it more
about reaching may be Accenture level because going forward I think it would more be around
digital, particular contracts which we are getting in terms of deals. I wanted to get clarity on that.
Secondly to Mr. Rao, I would want to ask with vaccination now happening and people coming back
to office, what is the percentage are we looking at going forward permanently as the hybrid model?
And finally in terms of pricing, I would like to ask Mr. Roy about the pricing part, in which vertical
can we put forward a price increase given the kind of demand which we are receiving may be from
the Financial Services, so which vertical is the key growth area going forward for FY 22?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for your questions. I think on the first one with respect to digital, what we are seeing is that
with all of the capabilities that we have built, one of the examples, we discussed earlier was on
Infosys Cobalt on cloud. There are many others including on what we have done with artificial
intelligence, what we are doing on machine learning, where we have strengths in data and
analytics. We have today across the board a leading position in 48 categories that are tracked in
the digital spectrum by independent market analysts. And that gives our clients the confidence to
work with Infosys and to select Infosys for their most critical digital transformation programs.
Where will this go, I think at this stage we are happy with the growth of 42%, the overall
percentage having become 54% and we think this will continue because the client demand is very
strong for digital. Now what we have in terms of capabilities, there is high level of relevance what
our clients are looking for and we are building out the capacity in terms of all of our employees
working for these areas. Our reskilling is going on to support these areas. So, from that
perspective, we see a good future for the digital growth. Pravin, over to you.
Pravin Rao
In terms of work-from-office, today we have about 98% of employees working from home globally.
In India it is much higher at 99%. In terms of vaccination as well, in India we have about close to
58% of our employees who have had at least one dose of vaccination. About 10% of the people
have had both the doses, but in some of the markets like Europe and US and all, we have had a
higher percentage of people getting vaccinated and we are slowly seeing the economy open up.
So, we do expect in the course of this quarter some amount of increased number of people
coming to office to work. So one thing is certain, that future will be hybrid, where people will have
flexibility to work-from-home or work-from-office. It will depend on the people inclination, it will
depend on the clients requirement and it will also depend on the nature of the product. From our
perspective, we are very well equipped. In the past, we have demonstrated our ability to switch
between work-from-office and work-from-home seamlessly, so we are pretty confident that we
should be able to deal with this situation. It is very difficult to figure out what percentage of people
would like to work-from-office or work-from-home, but only time will tell. Our efforts over the next
couple of quarters will be to slowly start getting more and more people to come to office, even
though it could be in a hybrid model.
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
9