
Thank you, Mugdha. The next question is from Poonam Saney who joins us from ET Now.
Poonam, please going ahead.
Poonam Saney
Thank you so much for taking my question. Salil congratulations firstly for a very strong quarter
and to the entire team. Salil, the deal momentum has been fairly strong, what is the kind of nature
of deals that you have seen during the quarter, give us more color on that? Are there more large
and small deals and also what is the kind of momentum that you have seen across the verticals
and geographies in terms of the deal momentum? Secondly, talk to us more about the
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
5opportunities that you are seeing on the M&A front. Pravin, my question to you is that Infosys has
retained a 22% -24% margin band and you did mention that you have a good amount of margin
levers there and hence the confidence on the margin front despite several headwinds. So, what
are those operating levers that you have in terms of margin defence. And one more question to
Salil is, what is the kind of market share gains that you have seen so far and what is the outlook
ahead on the market share gains for you?
Salil Parekh
Thanks Poonam. I think starting off first with the discussion on the deals, it is a mix of deals in our
large deals portfolio with mid-size and larger deals. We see a good pipeline, we see good ability to
convert. The type of work really comes from areas which are focused on data and analytics, a lot
of work in the cloud side and there is also more and more work that we are seeing, which is a core
functionality, a core set of actions, and converting, modernizing them into much more digital
capabilities. In terms of the sectors, we are seeing a good traction from the growth numbers
across several of our sectors, in fact, all of our sectors have grown very nicely. But there is good
deal pipeline also in what we see in financial services, in retail, in manufacturing, in life sciences,
so those are sectors, utilities, where we see a good deal pipeline as well. Before Pravin takes the
other question, I will come back to the third one.
On M&A our thinking is quite similar to what we have shared in the past- which is, first our focus is
to look at things which help us accelerate what we are doing in digital. That is what our clients are
looking for. Digital comprises of all of the elements, the Cloud, the IoT, the Cybersecurity, the data
and so on, so those are areas we continue to look for and since there is a fit in terms of culture,
there is a fit in terms of what we think we can do with the integration and then there is a fit in terms
of how the value gets aligned. So those are really the same parameters and approach that we
continue to look for in acquisitions. Pravin over to you.
Pravin Rao
On the margin levers, we have several levers. First one is driving higher efficiencies through
adoption of lean and automation. This is something we have been doing for the last two years and
there is still much more runway there. The second one is in the area of pyramid, role ratios and
pyramid organization. Again, there are huge opportunities still left there. Third area is in pricing,
particularly in the digital side, so that is an opportunity for us to drive higher pricing. These are in
my mind some of the critical things. Right now, there are other levers which are probably optimized
like typically utilization is a lever, but we are already highly optimized there, so there is not much
scope in the short-term. Likewise, onsite-offshore ratio is also highly optimized, but three or four
other levers which I talked about are some of the levers that are available for us to drive higher
margins and we are extremely comfortable with the guidance of 22% to 24%.
