
Thank you Salil. We will now open the floor for questions. Joining Salil are Mr. Pravin Rao, Chief
Operating Officer, Infosys and Mr. Nilanjan Roy, Chief Financial Officer, Infosys. We will open with
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
3the first question and the first question is from Mugdha Variyar, who joins us from CNBC TV-18.
Mugdha, please go ahead.
Mugdha Variyar
Hi Salil, Nilanjan, Pravin. Congrats on a very strong quarter. What a start to the fiscal year, your
strongest growth in Q1 in a decade and Salil, let me come to you then. Is it the growth in Q1 that
has given you the confidence to increase your revenue guidance and that too much higher than
what a lot of the street was expecting and if you can tell us a little bit about your deal wins, the
pricing that you are seeing now in the market and the tenure? And while your digital growth has
been really strong, the core business seems to have degrown YoY. If you can tell us what is the
weakness there in the core business? Nilanjan, let me come to the point about margins with you. If
you can tell us what was the margin pressure which led the margins to be lower than what the
street was estimating and going forward as well, you have called out a few headwinds when it
comes to margins, if you can elaborate on that especially around talent retention, etc. And
Nilanjan, a specific question about the India business because we did see that TCS had called out
the impact from the India business. For Infosys the India revenue share is about 3%, I think, it has
come down to 2.9% in this quarter. Did you see any impact of the second wave as part of your
India business? Pravin, again on attrition, you did say that you will be hiring a lot of freshers etc.,
but when do we see the next salary hike, what will be the quantum of the salary hike and if you
can just throw some light on the challenges you are facing now in terms of the supply side, given
that you are seeing strong demand. And Pravin, of course lastly, I have to ask you about the
income tax website issue, if it has been completely resolved, because the Finance Minister was in
Bengaluru just two weeks ago, and she said, a few issues were still unresolved, if you can throw
some light on that? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Mugdha for the questions. Let me start off. I think in terms of what we see in the market,
the growth of course was very strong in the first quarter as you noted, we also see a good pipeline
from where we are working with clients. We see that the digital transformation approach that our
clients are looking for is something that we can support them with quite well and we also saw a
good large deals numbers and wins in Q1. When you put all of that together, that gave us the
confidence to increase our revenue growth guidance at the end of the first quarter. In terms of the
pricing that you mentioned, we see the pricing to be reasonably stable. We do not see any real
constraints in it at this stage or any differences from what we have seen in the past. Let me now
pass it to Nilanjan.
Nilanjan Roy
So, the first question, Mugdha you had on margins, as you know, that last year we ended at
24.5%, and we had called out that there were a lot of one-off benefits we had received during the
year. Some of them were discretionary in nature, like travel came off, facilities and other
discretionary spends have been cut down and of course some expenses were deferred, things like
salary hikes and promotions etc., and therefore when we called out our guidance for FY22 we had
actually factored all that in and said it is going to be 22% to 24% versus a 24.5% of last year.
Please keep in mind also the pre-pandemic sort of guidance was 21% to 23% so this was a step
up as well from a guidance operating range and in 23.7% we are at the top end of that guidance.
Having said that on a sequential basis, if you’ve seen, our margins are down from 24.5% to 23.7%,
out of that we have got about a 10 basis points benefit of currency, we have got about 40 basis
points benefit of utilization and this was offset by about 50 basis points of subcontractor and third
party costs as demand has really ramped up and we have taken up subcontractor to fulfill the
demand, and about balance 80 basis points is a combination of various employee-related costs
whether it is retention, hiring, promotions, etc. So that is the broad margin walk on a sequential
External Document © 2021 Infosys Limited
4basis. We remain very, very confident in our 22% to 24%, band, we have a lot of operating levers
on taking out costs, so that is a comfort zone for us. Your second question on India as mentioned,
yes, India is a very, very small portion for us and I think both from a demand and a supply side, we
have not seen any impact. I must call out the fantastic and dedicated work done by all the
employees across the globe to ensuring that we are able to fulfill our demand during these trying
times as well. In that sense India really didn’t impact us. Over to you Pravin!
Pravin Rao
Thanks, Nilanjan. Your first question was on attrition. Attrition for IT services that is voluntary
attrition on an LTM basis has increased to 13.9%, it was 10.9% earlier. In some sense it is an area
of concern, but at the same time, it is also a reflection of high demand environment out there, and
shortage of supply. We expect this situation to continue for a couple of quarters till supply catches
up. From our own perspective, as Salil mentioned, we have been able to backfill attrition as well as
we had a net hiring of 8,000 this quarter. It is a clear reflection of the kind of brand that we have
and the ability to attract the right talent. We will continue to focus on that. We have increased our
campus hiring or the fresher hiring to 35,000 globally. We have already recruited more than 10,000
in this quarter, and we are also doing several other interventions. We already had one
compensation increase in January and the second one is effective July we will be rolling it out. We
have increased the number of promotions. There is a significant focus on retention there is lot of
employee engagement initiatives, lot of focus on career growth, career opportunities for people
and so on. So, this is something we will continue to do so and hopefully, over the next couple of
quarters we should be able to come to terms with high attrition.
Your second question was on the income tax project. We are working hard to address all the
issues raised with respect to the portal. Many of the issues raised around performance and
stability have been addressed. With the result today, on an average we have 8-10 lakh people
signing on to the portal and doing various activities. Many of the new functionalities like e-
proceedings, TDS returns, some of the statutory forms and ITR, too, have been released. Today,
we have about 10 lakhs ITRs filed so far. Yesterday, we had about 1 lakh ITRs filed in a single
day. We have about 1.6 lakhs DSP registrations, we have close to 2 lakhs statutory forms filed, we
had 31,000 e-proceedings response submitted. We have been able to address about 63.5 lakhs
Aadhar-Pan linking requests and so on. So, as you can see, we have made some progress, but
having said that we still have some ways to go. We have to address some of the intermittent
issues we continue to face in some of the functionalities that are available. At the same time, we
also have to rollout new functionalities as well. We are working very collaboratively with the
Income Tax Department as well as other stakeholders. And it is our endeavor to address all these
issues as expeditiously as possible. We have also added more bandwidth, we have invested in
much more leadership, and I want to assure that this is the single largest priority for us today and
we are hopeful to address the remaining concerns as well, as we roll out the remaining
functionalities in due course.
