
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Infosys Limited, that concludes this
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.“Infosys Limited
Q3 FY23 Media Conference Call”
January 12, 2023
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:
Salil Parekh
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Nilanjan Roy
Chief Financial Officer
Rishi Basu (Emcee)
Corporate Communications
JOURNALISTS
Ritu Singh
CNBC TV18
Anisha Jain
ET Now
Sajeet Manghat
BQ Prime
Kushal Gupta
Zee Business
Harshada Sawant
CNBC Awaaz
Nandan Mandayam
Reuters
Uma Kannan
The New Indian Express
1Haripriya Suresh
Moneycontrol
Veena Mani
The Times of India
Sai Ishwar
The Economic Times
Ayushman Baruah
The Financial Express
Haripriya Sureban
The Hindu BusinessLine
Jochelle Mendonca
ET Prime
Shouvik Das
Mint
Shivani Shinde
Business Standard
Reshab Shaw
Informist
Debasis Mohapatra
Deccan Herald
Rohit Chintapali
Businessworld
Harichandan Arakali
Forbes
2Rishi Basu
A very good evening, everyone, and a very happy New Year. Thank you for joining Infosys'
Third Quarter Financial Results. My name is Rishi, and on behalf of Infosys, I'd like to
welcome all of you. Over the next hour with our management, we are going to have our
financial results commentary. We request one question from each media house so that we can
accommodate everyone over the next hour. As always, we will start with broadcast media and
then move on to our other friends from media who are present here. With that, let me invite our
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh, for his opening remarks. Over to you, Salil.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Rishi. Good afternoon, and welcome to everyone who is here on the campus and
everyone who is joining us online. We are delighted to share with you that our Q3 performance
was strong, with year-on-year growth of 13.7%, quarter-on-quarter growth of 2.4% – this in a
seasonally weak quarter for us and amid a changing global economy.
We continue to take market share. We continue to benefit from consolidation. Growth in Q3
was broad-based, with most industries and geographies growing in double digits in constant
currency. Our large-deal value was at $3.3 bn, the highest in eight quarters. With 32 large deals,
this is the largest number of large deals in a quarter in our history, 36% of this is net new. Our
pipeline of large deals remains strong.
Our digital revenues grew at 22% in the quarter at constant currency and are now close to 63%
of our overall revenue. Our core services revenue grew as well at 2.4%.
We are seeing growth in both areas of our business – digital and core services. This is a
testament to our industry-leading digital capabilities, including our Cobalt cloud capability and
our industry-leading automation capabilities, both of which are resonating with our clients.
Our large-deals pipeline is seeing increased traction for automation and cost-efficiency
programs. Strong growth was accompanied by stable operating margins at 21.5%. This was
driven by healthy revenue growth and cost optimization benefits. Our voluntary quarterly
annualized attrition continues to decline. It was reduced by 6 percentage points sequentially to
well below 20% for this quarter.
While we are encouraged by the immense confidence and trust our clients have in us, the signs
around are showing a slowing global economy. Some areas such as mortgages and investment
banking in the Financial Services industry, Telco, Hi-Tech, and Retail are more impacted, and
that is leading to delays in decision-making and uncertainty in spending in these areas. We are
confident that the strength of our digital and cloud capabilities and our automation capabilities
will continue to position us well in this market. We are keeping a close watch on the global
economy.
Our operating model and offerings are agile to deliver value for our clients in this evolving
macro environment. Driven by a growth of 17.8% in constant currency for the first nine months
of FY'23 and the strong large-deal value for Q3, we are increasing our revenue growth
guidance, which was at 15% to 16%, we are increasing it to 16% to 16.5% for the full financial
3year, despite the changing global conditions. We are retaining our operating margin guidance
for FY '23 at 21% to 22%. We anticipate to be at the lower end of this range. Thank you.
With that, Rishi, let's open up for questions.
Rishi Basu
Thank you, Salil. We will open the floor for questions. Joining Salil is Mr. Nilanjan Roy, Chief
Financial Officer, Infosys.
With that, we have the first question from Ritu Singh from CNBC TV18.
Ritu Singh
Hi, thank you, you said you have increased your revenue growth guidance despite changing
global conditions. What gave you this confidence? Why the revision up? What about furloughs,
were they lower than what you were expecting from your comments in the last quarter?
Also, we have seen a significant rupee depreciation during the quarter, and yet the margins
have more or less remained flat. What is the reason for that? And any visibility you have on
the FY'24 growth? Because you are talking about this difficult macro environment and yet you
revised up your guidance. So, what are you hearing from clients in terms of their budgets? And
these large deals that you say continue to be strong in the pipeline, are you seeing more
renewals or newer deals that you expect to win?
And a word on attrition and hiring as well – do you expect it to continue to trend lower? I think
it is the lowest in the last five quarters. And also, hiring is lower than the previous quarter – is
it because you are anticipating lower growth? Any comment on that as well?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for the questions. I will try to get through most of them. On some of the points on
margin, Nilanjan will jump in as well.
On the guidance, our focus is really on what we see as we closed out the quarter. We had
exceptionally strong growth QoQ 2.4%, YoY 13.7%, for the first nine months, we are at 17.8%.
Then we had very strong large deals. At $3.3 bn, it is the largest we have had in eight quarters.
And the number of deals is also a testament to the environment for us, at 32 deals, it was very
strong. Given all of those factors, we saw that it was right to increase our guidance.
The point we made also is we do see that there are changes in the economic environment. We
have called out, for example in Financial Services, beyond mortgages, investment banking; we
have called out the Telco sector; we have called out Hi-Tech and Retail. But keeping all that
in balance, there were some things that give us a lot of support while we see other factors in
the environment changing. But keeping all that in balance, we were ready to increase our
guidance.
On attrition, before we go to the margin and so on, we have seen a steady quarter-on-quarter
decline for the last several quarters. We believe many of the policies we have put in place to
make sure that we are more and more aligned to where our employees are focused on, is
4helping. And of course, the overall environment is also changing in the market. So, we see
attrition continuing to go down.
On FY'24, we have no comments at this stage. We will absolutely look at it at the end of the
quarter in Q4. On hiring, we have the number of hiring based on what we saw on the demand,
and we have also had a very strong hiring for the full year in FY'23 and also before that. And
we are making sure that all of that hiring goes through our various training and is ready for
deployment.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes. So, on margins, we are at 21.5%, and that is flat sequentially. A couple of reasons, and
first you mentioned about the benefits of currency. So, we got a net benefit of about 40 basis
points from currency, net of our hedges. So, that was one tailwind for us. We got another
benefit of about 70 bps from our cost optimization, for instance, our subcon costs, etcetera.
And from a headwind perspective, there is about 30 basis points additional spend on our
SG&A. And the balance, about 80 basis points, was traditional seasonality in the quarter,
furloughs, partly because of our third-party costs. So, these are balance, 80 bps. So that is a
broad walk about a flat 21.5% margin within our guidance, as you know, of 21%- 22%.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Anisha Jain from ET Now. Anisha sends us her
questions on text. Salil, the question for you is, there has been a strong execution and deal
win in Q3 that led to the guidance upgrade as well. Can we extrapolate this to believe that the
client budget will be robust and double-digit revenue growth will sustain in FY'24? And
could you give us a bit more insight on the trends you are witnessing in Europe and for
verticals like BFSI and Hi-Tech?
And Nilanjan, for you, there is a question on margin, which you just answered. A follow-on
question on attrition that is coming down sharply. Could there be a sharp reversal in margins
from Q4 onwards? How are the pulls and pushes stacked for margins?
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Rishi. On the first part, I think we talked a little bit about why the margin was
increased in terms of what we see in the environment. We are not commenting obviously on
the financial year '24 and what the guidance or growth in that year will look like. What we do
see in terms of demand environment is what I shared earlier. We see some areas, for example,
the mortgages area or the investment banking area in financial services, we see some areas in
Telco and Hi-Tech and some in Retail.
There is more variation we see in the European markets, more concerns on what is going on
with the economy. The US market is also there, but relatively less so in the US compared to
Europe. We will see how this plays out because this is not a scenario where it is the same for
every industry. For example, we have seen extremely strong growth in energy, utilities, that
part of our business, and we continue to see that in Q3. We saw very strong growth in
manufacturing, and we continue to see some of that traction in our business in Q3.
5Rishi Basu
Nilanjan, the question on margin was attrition.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so absolutely. So one is, of course, as you know, if you have seen our utilization, in fact,
that came as a headwind for us. We have built a large, fresher pipeline. They go through our
training, like Salil mentioned, at Mysore. And they are on bench now. We are training them,
reskilling them. And in fact, that will give us some headroom, for growth looking ahead. So,
the question partly about do we need to hire more, so we have a very substantial bench. And I
think our utilization at about 81.7% is one of the lowest we have had. So, we have some
headroom there.
Looking ahead, of course, subcon costs, we have brought them down. At one stage, we used
to be closer to 7% of our revenue, we are at around 8.7%; utilization is another factor. We
continue to work on pricing, onsite-offshore, the pyramid itself, with the freshers coming in
will help us. So, these are the levers, we will have to deploy as we look ahead, in the next few
quarters.
Rishi Basu
Thank you, Nilanjan. The next question is from Sajeet Manghat from BQ Prime. Sajeet has a
couple of questions. For Salil, he wants to know, give us a sense of the demand environment
in North America, UK, and Europe. And have you seen a trend of small deal sizes compared
to what we saw in the last two years? Do you foresee a slowdown in deal closures?
Nilanjan, your question is again on margins, which has already been answered. So, I am not
asking that again.
Salil Parekh
On the demand environment, similar view. I think we see different demand environment in
different industries. And even within some industries, there is a variation based on the client.
We are also seeing much more demand today for automation, cost efficiency, operational
improvement programs.
The size of the deals, as we see with $3.3 bn in large deals, we have a tremendous volume, 32
of those deals for this quarter. So we do see a change in the environment. But we see that
both of our engines, the one for digital and cloud driving transformation and the one for
automation driving cost efficiency, both are working and growing for us.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next couple of questions are from ZEE Business, Kushal Gupta, and from
Harshada Sawant from CNBC Awaaz. Both are on client and IT budget spending, which we
have already answered. I will ask one question. What is the sense you are getting from your
6clients in terms of future pricing of deals? How concerned are you about Europe and what
impact could it have on deal flows ahead?
Salil Parekh
Pricing, maybe Nilanjan will take. I will take the question on Europe.
Europe, I think we mentioned earlier that there are differences within the European
economies. We are seeing today more economic changes in the European market relative to
US. But even so, there is a factor of the industry. We are seeing good traction in some
industries, for example, energy utilities, and that is across geography, while we see some
constraints which are in Hi-Tech and parts of Financial Services.
Nilanjan Roy
On the pricing side I think, we have seen a much more stable pricing regime than what we
have seen historically. And part of that has been the high inflation we have seen in these
economies as well and also because of the compensation hike. So some of that, we are trying
to work with our clients to pass that on, and we have had some successes there.
Of course, things like discounts have actually come down over the years. So, I think this is a
discussion we have by each client, and I think that is something which we will continue to
work on irrespective for the year ahead.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Reuters News from Nandan Mandayam.
Nandan Mandayam
I just want to know, how long do you expect the softness in BFSI to persist in the US? And
also, if you could give us an insight into how you maintain around the same growth in
Europe. And lastly, could you give us an insight into what FY'24 hiring is going to look like,
both in the fresher and lateral terms? Is it going to exceed what we have seen in FY'23 so far?
Salil Parekh
So, on the BFSI, I think we do not have a definitive number in terms of when things are
going to look different. Again, we see differences. There are parts of it, for example,
mortgages and investment banking, where we are seeing some constraints on what they are
doing with their business. There are other parts of Financial Services, which are not seeing
those same constraints. We have places, where because of consolidation of partners, we are
actually seeing some growth across some clients as well.
In terms of hiring, we have no comment today on our plans for FY'24. Those things, in any
case, we will not comment on the hiring number. We will, at the end of the quarter, lay out
the guidance for growth and margin for next year.
Nandan Mandayam
7Inaudible question
Salil Parekh
On Europe, I think we are fortunate to see a very strong growth. We have had a good focus
on that geography for the past several years, and we continue to see traction from some of the
work and programs that we have started a while ago.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from The New Indian Express, Uma Kannan.
Uma Kannan
Congrats on a strong quarter. So, do you expect client spending to come down in Q4 and
whether this includes reduction in workforce? And also, one more on automation that you
spoke about just now. So Infosys has good capabilities on automation, AI, ML, how are you
looking at this AI chat bot as you have invested in OpenAI also? So what will be the future or
how does the future look like in AI? And how this will actually help in servicing your clients
better?
Salil Parekh
So I think the first part of the question was more on what we see the client spend in Q4. I
think our sense is the points that we have laid out with respect to different industries and
different clients is what we are seeing right now in Q4. What we see going ahead, we will
describe for the financial year '24 as we come to the close of this year.
In terms of automation, we made tremendous progress, and that is one of the reasons, because
we have used artificial intelligence, machine learning, we have benefited from clients' needs
to be more efficient with their technology spend. And we have been at the forefront of what is
going on with automation. And that is really the reason why we see both our digital business
and our core services business growing.
On OpenAI, several years ago, Infosys had supported this initiative in a very small way
through a donation. We see the progress they have made. Huge congratulations to what they
have done. We have examples where we are using ChatGPT with client situations, that is
starting to further increase productivity and automation.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Haripriya Suresh from Moneycontrol.
Haripriya Suresh
Hi, good evening. I have one follow-up on ChatGPT. Just wanted to understand if Infosys at
some point – I know OpenAI has since shifted from nonprofit to for-profit – will Infosys look
8at putting more money? And how do you think it will impact coding and service delivery as
well?
Another question is you had a very strong quarter, but do you think we will go back to a
single-digit growth? And Nilanjan, just wanted to ask, last quarter, you had mentioned that in
H1 FY'23, you had hired 40,000 freshers. 50,000 was the target for this year. How many
freshers were hired in Q3? And has that target been revised? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
On the first one, I think we have a huge focus and commitment through the past several years
on automation, artificial intelligence, machine learning. We have no plans today which relate
to anything in terms of an investment in any activity. But we are looking at the way to really
work with and partner with, and there are many technologies which enable a way to do low-
code/no-code enhancement or efficiency of building code faster. So we are working with
several of them to make sure that we work with our clients on it.
Haripriya Suresh
In terms of growth?
Salil Parekh
On growth, we do not have a guidance for FY'24 at this stage. What we have is really the
focus on Q4 and for FY'23.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes. On the freshers, I think the 50,000, we are short of that now, but I think we should be
around that number by the time we end the year. So, we have continued to hire. Yes, I think
about 46,000 we have done, if I am not mistaken.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Veena Mani from The Times of India.
Veena Mani
Good evening gentlemen. So, a couple of questions on the HR front. With attrition coming
down, will the pressure on giving out more bonuses and increments ease out for you? And
also on this quarter's variable pay, on an organization average level, what is it going to be?
And if it is 100%, what part of your workforce will be covered in that 100% variable pay
bracket?
And, also on the utilization, excluding trainees, it is at 81.7%. Is it largely because even in the
existing projects, clients want to ramp down, want to bring down the number of billed
resources or why is it exactly?
Nilanjan Roy
9Yes, sure. So, I will take the second and then the first one. So, 81.7% utilization is largely
because of our fresher's bench. That is the biggest reason and because we have been hiring so
many freshers through the year and putting them into training. So, over a period of time, they
will start going into production, because you cannot overnight put a new project and have
them with all the freshers.
And like we have talked about in the past, it was an investment we are ready to make because
you cannot overnight flip the model of putting freshers. And so, we are ready to make that
investment and then start leading them into the production projects and rotate existing
headcount. So, we are not so concerned. Over a period of time, that will start actually helping
us.
The second thing about variable pay, we do not disclose the amount of variable pay during
the quarter, and that is just something in the past we have looked at pay out to each quarter on
performance.
Veena Mani
Inaudible question
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, that is been going on. Yes, absolutely. In fact, one of the projects is about helping us
during this attrition - this whole project internally about predictability of promotions, and that
continues unabated as people reach a certain seniority. And in certain levels, we are
continuing that.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Sai Ishwar from The Economic Times.
Sai Ishwar
Hi gentlemen, good evening. So Salil, in the press release, you have said you have gained
market share. Could you actually explain in which markets or in which functions are you
gaining market share? And, also about the deal win, it has come at an elevated number right
now. So, do you think going forward, it is sustainable? And also, could you tell us what
worked this time? Do you think your automation capabilities helped in terms of winning a lot
of cost-based deals? Could you just give us more colour on the deal pipeline and the wins?
Thank you.
Salil Parekh
So, on what are the reasons for some of these deals that we are winning or the size and scale
of it, I think you are absolutely right, the automation piece, the fact that we have a real
strength and industry-leading capability has absolutely helped us. We think we are gaining
market share, because if you look at the growth, average growth over the last 12 months, 24
months, 36 months, including in this quarter of the industry and you look at our growth, we
10think we are ahead of the average. So, we are gaining market share from people who are
below that average and it is in multiple areas. We have gained tremendous market share on
cloud because of Cobalt, on the digital areas on data, on analytics and also on cost efficiency
and automation, because we have the ability to take large platforms and programs and make
them more efficient for our clients.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Ayushman Baruah from The Financial Express.
Ayushman Baruah
Hello. Hi, Salil and team, wishing you a very happy new year, first of all. So, most of the
financials have been asked. So, I have something from a technology point of view. Last year,
we spoke a lot about Metaverse, right? Infosys has also invested into it. So how do you see
the adoption among clients? Is it still in the initial phases? Or have you seen the adoption
pick up? That is one.
And number two is that last year, we also heard a lot about moonlighting, right? So over
these months, has Infosys firmed up any policies around moonlighting yet?
Salil Parekh
So, on Meta, I think we are starting to see, as we discussed last time, some projects, some
programs, especially as it relates to AR, VR in the manufacturing context, on a shop floor
context, in an education training context and maintenance context. It is small right now, so it
is not a large part of what we do, but we are seeing a steady sort of improvement on that.
On people doing gig work, we have made a clear statement a while ago. We are very much of
that same view. We have built internal capabilities to support that. We have had a program,
which internally we call Accelerate, which was put in place some years ago. And that
program is being used to make sure it is done. We want to ensure, while doing all of that,
client confidentiality is always maintained. But outside of that, we want to make sure that the
employees have the ability to do some of this to improve and enhance their learning.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Haripriya Sureban from The Hindu BusinessLine.
Haripriya Sureban
Hi guys. Salil, you spoke about client spending. But specifically, when it comes to cloud, we
hear that people are taking a re-look at their cloud spend and maybe even rethinking how
much they are spending on it. So, what is it that you see on that front? What is your reading
on it? And given the current environment, are customers looking at vendor consolidation?
And would that be helping you going forward? Thanks.
Salil Parekh
11On cloud, it is a significant part of what we see within our digital portfolio. We have seen
good growth in digital all through the year and including in Q3. We do not split out the cloud
growth specifically, but it is in good shape for us as the cloud business is growing based on
Cobalt.
Overall, we have seen that there is a focus in some of the industry or some verticals that I
mentioned earlier, where there is more attention to what should be done with these
transformation programs and much more focus now on how to be more cost efficient. So that
is going on as an overlay, but the cloud remains a strong part across all industries.
Haripriya Sureban
And on vendor consolidation?
Salil Parekh
On vendor consolidation, we see a tremendous benefit for us. We see many large enterprises
are starting to look at things which are more in selecting a very small set of partners. And in
many of those cases, Infosys becomes the preferred partner for our clients.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. We will move on to the next set of questions from journalists who have sent on
text.
The first is from Jochelle Mendonca from ET Prime. Jochelle's question is one thing that we
have seen is Salesforce talking about a slowdown and there is talk about a slowdown on the
hyperscaler side as well. Given that you are a strategic partner to these companies, what are
you hearing from them and your clients about the cloud, which has been a big driver of
growth?
And the other question is, given the uncertainty, could you give any colour on how close to
the growth your customer teams or any steps that you have taken to be able to capitalize
when we see an upturn?
Salil Parekh
On the cloud, I think it is similar to what we were just sort of mentioning. Essentially, there is
still emphasis on what is going on with the cloud. There are just different parts of the
industries that are doing things differently. So, if you look at, for example, in energy or
utilities clients, if you look at manufacturing, we see a huge movement today already with
cloud with all of the components of our Cobalt capability. But in some other industries, it is
less so. And therefore, overall, there is obviously less in that.
Rishi Basu
The other one was on the uncertainty. Could you give any colour on how close to the growth
your customer teams or any steps that you have taken to be able to capitalize for the time
when we see an upturn?
12Salil Parekh
So there, I think we are positioned well with the fact that we have a very strong digital
transformation capability. And even today as our clients are looking at it, that capability will
become more and more critical as and when the overall economy also changes. And in that
same time, the focus on cost efficiency will give us benefit. That is something that we can
work on with clients to rationalize what they are doing with their spend across the technology
platform.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Shouvik Das from Mint.
Salil, for you the question is, the per employee consolidated revenue declined further to
$54,000 level, down over 6% Y-o-Y. Does this show that employee costs have still remained
high in the sector despite falling attrition rate? And is this something that we expect to see in
the coming quarters as well?
For Nilanjan, a couple of questions. You have raised guidance for FY'23 on the back of a
strong quarter. However, the number of active $100 million-plus customers reduced by one
during the quarter. Is that a factor of uncertainty coming from North America and Europe?
And do you expect large deals to remain muted or even decline through the next quarter?
This was already asked.
And there is another question. Revenue from India saw a 5.4% Y-o-Y constant currency
decline, while the rest of the world, including Europe saw growth. What is the reason for
such movement in market metrics?
Nilanjan Roy
Okay. So, I will start with India. So, India is a very small portion with about 2.5% of our
global business is from India. And a lot of the work we do with our clients is also volume and
transaction-led. So, you will see these pluses and minuses on a quarter basis on the growth
figure. But like as I again said, it is only 2.5% approximately our revenue.
The second one was about the revenue per person. I think that is just a reflection of our
utilization over the year, which was about 88%, and now we are at 81%. So that is just the
math of the overall RPP as such. So, our margins have, like I said, quarter-on-quarter,
remained stable. So that’s a different way to look at the metric because we have also hired
freshers during this time, who are sitting on bench and are in training in Mysore. But from a
productive perspective, we have seen that utilization factor come down by only about one and
a half percent during the quarter.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Shivani Shinde from Business Standard. In
continuation to the earlier question on cloud, can you give some colour on cloud deals? If
13cost transformation deals have gone up, why is the core revenue down in reported terms?
Also, can you give some colour on the TCVs won this quarter?
Salil Parekh
On the deals, first, the reported terms have a lot of currency in it. So, we always look at our
business on a constant currency terms. We think that’s a metric, which is more stable and
more indicative of how the underlying business is doing. So, the key for us there is the core is
growing this quarter on a constant currency basis.
We don’t typically give out the average TCV on our deals. The reality is we have a huge
large-deals number at $3.3 bn, and that makes a big difference as we look ahead into what is
going on with the future of the business. On cloud deals, those really come back to what is
the view of individual clients and within industries what’s happening and then the overlay of
the cloud as an ecosystem.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Reshab Shaw from the Informist. For Salil, you said
Europe sees more stress, but segment revenue shows the region's share of revenue is going
up. Going forward, do you see that changing? And what are the reasons that drove large deals
even as you said there were delays in decision-making?
Salil Parekh
On Europe, to the earlier question about what is the overall economic environment like. We
see the economic environment across the world slowing. Within that, relatively, Europe
seems to be more slowing than the US today. For our own work, Europe is very strong. We
have had a really good platform there, put in place over the last 18-24 months. And we are
seeing the benefits of that coming through today and also some of the large programs that we
launched in that last 18-24 months' time frame.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Debasis Mohapatra from Deccan Herald.
For Nilanjan, despite a fall in attrition and benefits coming from operational efficiency, why
did operating margin not improve in Q3? Are large deals margin-dilutive in nature? When
can we see revenue per employee inching up?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes. So, I think I have answered many of those. So, we have given our margin walk on
21.5% sequentially as well.
And the other one - large deals continue to perform well. You will see our overall strategy
over the last four years since the large-deal strategy was put in place. At 21.5%, we are
actually well above where we started around FY'20. So, despite all the large deals, we have
seen that, as we go through the deal cycles, we have seen the improvement in margins. And
14of course, new deals come into the funnel with lower margins, but that is a mechanism we
have actually mastered, and I think that is something which we do every day.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Rohit Chintapali from Businessworld. This is a similar
question in case you want to add any more colour to it. Your revenues from North America
have declined sequentially and they have improved only marginally in Europe in Q3. This is
in line with ICRA's report that predicts moderation of growth in the IT sector over the
medium term. How do you plan to address these key markets as you expect tough times
ahead?
Nilanjan Roy
If you look at our constant currency, we have grown in all the three geographies as Rest of
the World, in Europe and in North America. Of course, the growth rates are different. But we
are seeing a very strong pipeline in all the markets, like Salil has mentioned.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Harichandan Arakali from Forbes. Two questions. One
is on hiring in the context of looming recession that I think, gentlemen, you have answered.
The next question is, while there is the nuance of Infosys Cobalt and other such capabilities
which may be useful to clients, overall, what does the recruiting scene look like in the coming
few months?
Salil Parekh
On recruitment, I think we have already mentioned – first that we are increasing our growth
guidance. We have talked about the recruitment that we have done across this year already.
And as we see the demand environment building up, as we see utilization inching up, we will
make sure that the recruitment utilization and the way we are training all of the college
graduates makes it an efficient model for us to grow with them.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. With that, we come to the end of this Q&A session and the press conference. We
thank our friends from media for joining us today. Thank you, Salil, thank you, Nilanjan.
Before we conclude, please note that the archived webcast of this press conference will be
available on the Infosys website and on our YouTube channel later today.
Thank you very much and have a good evening.
15