
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go
ahead.
Bryan BerginHi, good evening. Thank you. Why don’t you just clarify some comments around
demand? I am curious, if you would say there is a material change in the way that clients
are behaving now versus three months ago, in your reported 2Q, because the areas you
are citing weakness, I think were the same ones, the pockets of weakness that you talked
about. I am really just trying to understand if you think there has been a real change to
spending and contracting there or more broadly the same?
Salil Parekh
Hi, thanks for the question. What we are seeing today, in addition to what we said last
quarter, for example in financial services beyond mortgages, we see the investment
banking side of our clients as well are showing an impact of the economic environment;
and they are in telco, hi-tech and retail, in some clients. So, we do not see a material
change, but there are within financial services one more area that we see some of the
impact coming in.
Having said that, we have, for example clients in energy or utilities or manufacturing,
those industries are still looking quite strong in terms of their outlook.
Bryan Bergin
Okay, that is helpful. And then on the large deals, the renewals were a big component
of that TCV and you have also cited benefits from consolidation in the commentary,
are you taking any different approach as it relates to proactive renewals to try to drive
more vendor consolidation opportunities?
Salil Parekh
Some large deals, as you pointed out, we have had a very strong result, $3.3 bn and 32
deals. We see the focus which we had on transformation continue. But outside of the
industries that we discussed before, where there is some impact, we see huge cost
automation, cost efficiency plays across all industry segments. And there, we have, we
believe, very strong capability, which is helping us. And within all of those discussions,
we see areas where there is vendor consolidation. The approach we have put in place is
similar to what we have had in the past. However, we see, given our market share gainover the last several quarters, many clients are looking at us, when they start to narrow
the list in their vendor consolidation.
Bryan Bergin
Okay. Thank you very much.
