
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Prasad from HDFC Securities.
Please go ahead.
Apurva Prasad
Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. Salil, I'm not asking for any guidance
for '24 or ahead, but would appreciate your comments. And generally, the visibility that
you have for the year ahead, so how different would it be versus typically this time of
the year? So perhaps any comments on pipeline or pipeline-to-TCV conversion?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for the question. I think, as you rightly said, we are not in a position to provide
the guidance for the year, which starts in April. Pipeline, we have a very strong large
deals pipeline. So we are feeling good that the pipeline is at a level which is in good
shape. We see good traction of large deals, and we have seen more-and-more relevance,
connect with our clients on the cost efficiency and automation plays and in the areas,
in the industries where there is economics support, a good traction of Cobalt and the
digital transformation plays. So the pipeline is looking quite good today, based on what
we see in the deals flow.
Apurva Prasad
Got it. And Salil, we called out IB, mortgage and parts of telecom, hi-tech and retail, is
there any vertical trend for deals between transformation, the ones that are
transformation in nature and deals that are more on the cost optimization across
verticals?And the second part to that is, do you see any moderation in new client acquisition
channel with more vendor consolidation deals happening? This was something which
had very strong traction more recently.
Salil Parekh
On the first part, we see some of the growth transformation plays impacted in those
industries that we talked about, for example, mortgage, investment banking, retail, hi-
tech, etcetera. The cost efficiency plays everywhere. So we see that even in programs
let's say, in the energy sector or manufacturing. There, and in many places, we see
essentially clients looking to use the cost efficiency to fund the transformation because
in many cases, they still need to drive digital or cloud transformation to keep their
market growth or their client connect, customer connect going. So that is how we see
that play right now.
Apurva Prasad
And Salil, on the other part on the new client acquisition, with more vendor
consolidation rates.
Salil Parekh
Yes, there on new clients, we have seen -- while we don't disclose the number, we have
seen a very good new client acquisition in Q3. And on vendor consolidation -- there's
no contradiction in there to at least -- both are carrying on within our sales expansion,
new client acquisition continues to be important as well. What we are seeing is on
several discussions, clients are looking, especially if they have six or seven vendors,
they want to narrow it down to one or two or three, and we are appearing to be
beneficiaries in quite a few of those discussions.
Apurva Prasad
Got it. Thank you and all the best.
Salil Parekh
Thank you.