
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities.
Please go ahead.
Moshe Katri
Thank you, and happy New Year, and congrats on strong execution in a pretty tough
environment. I have a three-part question. First, March guidance upgrades is pretty
unusual from a seasonality perspective and given the macro concerns. So it seems like
you have better visibility, now, can you share any views on the budget cycle itself? We
were kind of concerned over slippages, maybe a month or two, budget delays. Are you
seeing any of that or you think that budget will be awarded or finalized as on time this
time?
Salil Parekh
Thanks Moshe. On the budget, so far, we have seen, in some clients and especially in
the industries we have called out, some areas where there has been slowness in deciding
or some changes, especially on some discretionary work. So we mentioned hi-tech, for
example or mortgages or bank, investment banking. So all of those ones that we
mentioned before.
But we don't see a broad-based change. Equally, we do see good behavior with the
budgets moving ahead as in the past, with energy, utilities, manufacturing. So, it is not
like one answer that it’s a little bit by industry or sub industry somewhat different.Moshe Katri
Understood. And then you, in the press conference, you mentioned that about a 1/3 of
your new or 1/3 of TCV came in from new logos. Can you remind us, is this within the
range of what you've seen in the past in terms of mix of new logos versus renewals?
Salil Parekh
Referring to the large deals, $3.3 bn, there was 36% net new. That is in the range where
we do - some quarters it's lower, some quarters higher, but these numbers are not
unusual.
Moshe Katri
Okay. And then the final question is for Nilanjan. When we met in Bangalore back in
December, you pointed to pivot in the nature of the new deals flow towards, as you
said, cost optimizations and vendor consolidation. Obviously, this is what you're seeing.
Are these deals typically less dependent on clients' budgets, given the fact that you're
taking over a specific function with the objective of reducing delivery costs? And is
there any difference in profitability levels here in terms of these projects versus some
of these projects that you've been doing in the past few years? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
So in that, I think the way you described it, these are not fully correlated with the budget
of a client. In many instances these are areas where given the evolving economic
situation, clients are looking to reduce their tech spend across the enterprise, in many
cases, use some of that savings to fund transformation programs. It sometimes gets
coupled with vendor consolidation. So let’s say – there are clients who may have five
or six vendors and when we benefit from the consolidation we see tremendous
efficiency that can be created. Our automation tools become quite useful. We typically
add automation on our ongoing programs, which give an annual benefit. But when we
see something of scale where we have not been involved earlier, we have an ability to
provide a much greater benefit. In aggregate, the profitability of these deals is within
the range of the rest of our company and especially has been more-and-more over timeleverage the automation tools and our capabilities, we see these becoming stable high
profit deals.
Moshe Katri
That is very helpful. Thank you.
