
Thank you. The next question is from Sai Ishwar from The Economic Times.
Sai Ishwar
Sir, you had said that you are seeing caution in mortgages, financial services, retail and that is
catching on to hi-tech and telecom as well, right? So, can you actually tell us whether these are
discretionary spends that are getting affected, or do you see the total tech spends itself being
held back by clients? And also, one more question to Nilanjan Sir is, we are also hearing news
12about the onboarding delay of freshers, but on the other hand you have already reached the
40,000 targets in terms of fresher hiring, so, how should we read into this? Because we are
hearing reports seeing people who got offers in 2021 are not on-boarded yet. So, did Infosys
probably overestimate demand?
Salil Parekh
On the first one, what we are seeing in those specific industries, that I mentioned whether it is
mortgages or hi-tech or the others, is an impact on the discretionary spend right now. What we
are also seeing is the stepping back from all of that, many large companies are also looking at
being more cost-efficient, So, we see that given that we have a strength in digital, we have
strength in transformation, we have strength in discretionary, and we have strength in
automation, and cost efficiency, we are able to support clients on both of those engines. But
we do see those areas where we see some caution in more of the discretionary side.
Nilanjan Roy
On the fresher side, like I said, we have already done 40,000. When we started, we told you
50,000, so, I do not think there has been any delay, particularly. A lot of people are going to
Mysuru. In fact, in physical it is a good thing that we have opened up the campus and it is a big
attraction for our talent to go through the physical training of Mysuru and then go to the DC.
We are tracking, as per our plan, in fact, like we said, our 10,000 net add probably is the highest
in the industry. It will go up maybe. We have not given out a number as yet, but of course the
50K will go up.
