
The next question is from Shilpa Phadnis from The Times of India.
Shilpa Phadnis
10Infosys believes in converting an adversity into an opportunity, what are two or three things
you would do differently in a probability of uncertain events especially when the client’s
decision-making velocity has slowed down? My second question is that barring BPM very few
subsidiaries are firing up, you and Mr. Roy did an internal review two months back on different
subsidiaries so are you taking a hard look at some of them, and are you folding some of them?
Salil Parekh
Sorry Shilpa can you just repeat the first one please?
Shilpa Phadnis
Infosys believes in converting an adversity into opportunity. What are the two or three things
that you will do differently when uncertain events are panning out, especially in terms of
macroeconomic indicators and client decision-making velocity slowing down? My third
question is Infosys long back started collapsing layers internally. Recently, we have seen some
of the seniors put on sabbatical and some of them are let go due to account-related challenges.
How do you plan to motivate this back especially when we hear that variable payout of JL7
and above have still not been rolled out?
Salil Parekh
I will start with the first one. I think it was a question about how we convert in this environment
different situations to what Infosys can do best. I think that is a very critical point. What we are
seeing in this environment is the capabilities that Infosys has. We have a very strong set of
capabilities on digital and cloud and we are seeing good traction and growth on those. We also
have very good capabilities on automation, leveraging artificial intelligence and machine
learning and efficiency and we are seeing very good traction on the cost programs where clients
are looking at efficiency. So what our approach is we want to make sure that both of those
pillars and both of those engines are available to clients depending on what situation they are
in. And as the macro develop because the macro will change, there could be positive stimulants,
there could be negative stimulants so that are things we do not know, but we have both of these
engines which are working well and we believe that that will support us as we look at it in a
careful way as we go through the next period of time. The second one was about subsidiaries.
Nilanjan, do you want to take that one?
11Nilanjan Roy
We review subsidiaries every quarter. It is not as if it is an annual exercise. In fact, three of our
best subsidies: Ben is here. Andrew is here. Radha is here. We continue to push them for
performance. There is no question about it, the way we get pushed and so, that is part of the
game, but I think they are all doing very well. There are a lot of synergy benefits. Ben looks
across the entire DX world. WONGDOODY is now across Europe and India, and it is now in
the USA and across the DX and it is a very large platform for us to take to our clients for
experience so I think we have no concerns.
Salil Parekh
On the layer, I am not aware of people on sabbatical. We have internal tracking, for example,
connecting with our employees and we track what we call our engagement scores. We have
seen a steady and good increase in our engagement scores across our company. We are seeing
real connect where people are seeing, there is a new set of policies and initiatives that our HR
team has rolled out for leadership development, for skilling, for making sure that there is much
more awareness and support in the time during COVID, both from a medical perspective and
also from a mental health perspective, so we are seeing a lot of traction. I do not see any of
those levers being something which is a concern. There is always something that is being
watched and in fact, we are now seeing the last three quarter’s attrition coming down quite
significantly each quarter. In Q2, it was down by over another two points than the previous
quarter, so we think some of the initiatives that were put in place are starting to have an impact
and we will continue to drive those initiatives ahead.
