
Thank you. The next question also on text is from BQ Prime. Sajeet Manghat asks Salil, can
you elaborate on the demand environment in the US and Europe in the context of the
geopolitical events in Europe and macroeconomic challenges seen in the US. What is the
exposure to Europe, especially Germany, and how do you see the TCV pipeline? For Nilanjan,
a similar question on margins again, how do you see the trajectory for margins given weak
traditional H2? And what is the kind of leverage available with respect to bench utilization?
Salil Parekh
On the demand environment, what we see is on the macro front, which we had indicated last
time is that we started to see some concerns on the mortgage side, in financial services, and in
the retail industry. We are seeing this time some concerns in the hi-tech and in the telecom
industry, in addition to those, these are more on the discretionary part of our pipeline. We are
also at the same time seeing a strong large deals pipeline, which gives us some confidence. We
have pivoted and I think the market itself is also pivoting, the clients where there is more and
more interest in automation and cost efficiency, and we see that coming through within our
pipeline. We have seen growth - both in digital over 30% and in the core which shows that both
of our engines are working quite well. In terms of the US and Europe, in Q2 we had very strong
growth in Europe near 30%, and strong growth in the US over 15%. We continue to see the
pipeline between both of those geographies today, but also keep in mind that we are being
watchful given the macro environment developing.
Nilanjan Roy
6On the margins as we look at the second half, we have ended the first half with about 20.7%.
And like we have guided, at the bottom end of 21% to 22%, so, of course, margins for the
second half will have to go up. We have our levers in terms of our utilization, which is one of
the factors mentioned because we are really at the bottom end of utilization as we put a lot of
freshers into the system, now they are sitting on the bench, but over a period of time they will
start getting deployed so this will become a tailwind. As attrition starts coming down, this will
be a benefit in terms of stretch salaries so that is one of the other things which started helping
us. So, in this range of 21 to 22, we are quite comfortable for the full year as well.
