
Thank you. The next question is from Haripriya Sureban from The Hindu BusinessLine
Haripriya Sureban
So, what percentage of your workforce is back to the offices? What is your play there? Do you
intend to call your employees back to offices? And the second question on attrition, you have
sort of tried to get it down, so what is helping you? How have you achieved it? And do you see
moderation going forward? Thank you.
13Salil Parekh
On the return to work, we are looking at this every week. Last week, across India, we had about
45,000 employees in the office at any given time, not all five days, but at different times and
that is a huge number, given where everyone was in this industry a few months ago. And what
we are finding is the approach we have taken so far, we have been extremely supportive of our
employees. We have been extremely supportive of a flexible approach, and it has been well
received and it is working. We are seeing that this is now gradually increasing. A couple of
weeks ago, I was in our Pune DC. In fact, Radha and I were both there. We could see a lot of
engagement with employees as we connected with several of them. My sense is that over time,
we will make all the support necessary so more and more employees can come back. There are,
of course, several client situations which require specific action, so, those will be followed as
the clients are requiring it, but where we are able to provide some flexibility, we will continue
to provide flexibility.
On the attrition, there were several initiatives that Krish and our HR team rolled out, maybe
12/18 months ago, and I think we had shared some of those. There is one of them, for example,
where there is a very well-defined path in terms of career in the first several years of an
employee and the steps are clearly defined and well understood. That is a big positive for
employees so there are no surprises anymore for them. There is a lot of emphasis on leadership
development and skilling. There are programs with large global universities which the
company runs, which give employees the ability to self-improve, and then we have our online
platform, which allows employees to do it. So, there are several of those initiatives as a
combination of that and it is worth it. The trend in the last three quarters is good, and my sense
is, these initiatives will continue to give us benefit.
