
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities.
Please go ahead.
10Moshe Katri
Thanks for taking my question and a good quarter. So on your point of clients being cautious
beyond longer sales cycles and delayed deal closures, are we also seeing project deferrals or
project cancellations or are we not there yet, but obviously this would be us playing the 2008
kind of slowdown playbook, so I just wanted to get some more color on that?
Salil Parekh
I could not hear properly but what I understood was, are there any project cancellations or
other such things in the quarter, if that is the question, we did not see any project
cancellations in the quarter. We saw some slowness in discretionary spend within the macro
segments that I mentioned. For example, in Hi-Tech we saw that, we saw some in Telco, we
had mentioned last quarter in mortgages within financial services and the parts of retail
industry. That is how we saw it for this quarter.
Moshe Katri
How would you categorize the discretionary spend, is it predominantly cost takeout?
Salil Parekh
For that, the discretionary spend are more spends which support transformation programs - is
the way we see it. For the cost programs those are different – more targeted or fixed spends.
Moshe Katri
Do you have any views about the budget cycle for next year, do you think we will see any
slippage? i.e., rather than budgets being all set and ready sometime by January, maybe we see
some sort of a slippage because of the macro?
Salil Parekh
So today, what we are seeing is within our large deals pipeline there is a large number of
programs which are cost related and we see our own core services growing. What it shows us
is there is an interest from clients on both - some elements of digital and now also on
11elements of cost. On the budget cycle, this is the quarter in which we will start to get a sense
for the calendar year budget, so it is not something that we have within a grasp from the
previous quarter. In the next few months we will start to see that.
Moshe Katri
Just final point just a slight detail can we get the number in terms of subcontractor costs for
the quarter as a percentage of revenues?
Nilanjan Roy
It is 10.1% now
Moshe Katri
Thank you very much.
