
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from BMO. Please go
ahead.
Keith Bachman
Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to ask you about the sensitivity of your margins
to revenue growth and more specifically what I want to see if you could address this, we look
at over the horizon the calendar year 2023, if revenue growth were to slow to something like
10%, just to pick a number, how sensitive is that growth rate to margins and specifically what
I am asking, could you reduce the subcontractors and or just let attrition take your headcount
lower such that you could maintain your 21% kind of operating margins or just any
characterizations on how we should be thinking about the sensitivity of operating margins to
the growth rate which I think you can tell by the question, a lot of industry is concerned,
growth will continue to slow as we look a little bit longer term than your fiscal year? Thank
you.
Nilanjan Roy
I think you have answered most of the questions. Reality is that we can predict our operating
margin quite fast and fundamentally in the IT services business, the operating leverage
element is quite small compared to other fixed cost businesses. So you can in terms of both
the points like you mentioned, first the intake of laterals or intake of freshers, gradual
attrition, the subcons, all these four literally by quarter and you can pivot on these to get cost
structure in line. So, I do not think it is a big drag unlike high fixed cost industries, so in that
sense in the past also we have seen it. A perfect example I would say, the COVID period
wherein six months pretty much everybody in the industry when they were seeing negative
growth had pivoted at least from the margin front, we did not degrow during that time, but
nonetheless given the slower growth at that time we were able to pivot our entire cost model.
Keith Bachman
16I was not asking you to guide margins, I was just asking for the sensitivity, what you think
about, you can manage your cost structure regardless of the revenue growth rate to sustain
margins even if growth were to slow.
Any comments more specifically on how we should be thinking about attrition, as you said
you will move it lower, but should we thinking kind of point of quarter or how should we be
thinking about attrition as we look at to the end of fiscal year and that is it from me. Thank
you.
Nilanjan Roy
So I think like Salil has mentioned, we have three consecutive quarters of decline, 2.5%
decline in this quarter itself and indicators improve going into Q3, because we have in a lot of
geographies like 90-day notice period and that gives us a reasonable view of what is coming
ahead and we continue to see that the figure of attrition going down.
Keith Bachman
Many thanks.
