
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go
ahead.
Dipesh Mehta
Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions first about moderation in revenue growth
trajectory which you are implying from the revised guidance. So can you help us understand
you eluded some of the segments which are likely to be softer but even after considering
there seems to be some sizable moderation which is happening in next two quarters. So if you
can provide some sense whether any specific industries where you are seeing more weakness
or client specific situation. Second thing is about the deal intake. Now you indicated about
cost efficiency program and cost take out programs showing uptick. Do you think it would
lead to a higher deal TCV closures in next few quarters? And on mega deal - how the mega
deal pipeline is picking up - if you can provide some progress or are clients deferring those
decisions. Thanks.
Salil Parekh
20Hi, I did not follow all of your questions. The first one I think you are talking about the future
Q3, Q4 growth in the segments. If that is the question, we do not give more color for future
growth firstly by quarter or by segment. But overall, I go back to what we shared earlier that
the macro environment has some areas which we are looking at with more caution. Our
overall large deal pipeline is strong, and both sides of our engine, digital and core and
automation are doing well. I did not follow the next point.
Dipesh Mehta
The second question was about the cost efficiency program or cost take out generally they are
large in TCV because of tenure and overall volume efficiency which clients are generally
expecting considering the mix is now tilting towards those programs compared to
discretionary digital program, do you think deal TCV will be showing uptick which we have
seen even in Q2 which will is seven quarter high kind of deal TCV.
Salil Parekh
So on the cost optimization we see good discussions of that with our clients, in some of the
industries we see more of that, in others at a moderate level. So, that is where we are seeing a
good traction which is also showing up in the growth of core services. Deal TCV again - in a
quarter-by-quarter basis it can go up and down because these are deals over $50 million and
these deals take some time to build up. As Nilanjan shared, it is 27 deals in Q2, but if I look
on an annual cycle there is a good way of looking at large deals across years. So on a quarter-
on-quarter basis we do not have a like a simple way where we forecast it, it can go up and
down there.
Dipesh Mehta
Let me rephrase the question. Do you think that size of the deal between digital and cost take
out by nature cost take out it will be larger in size or you do not think any such thing.
Salil Parekh
The size of the deal sorry I did not follow that. No I do not think so because sometimes we
have a very large digital transformation program of the client and sometime there could be
21large modernization plus cost efficiency program, sometime there could be only cost
efficiency program. So it is not like one is larger and one is smaller.
Dipesh Mehta
Understood thank you.
