
Thank you. The next question is from Anisha Jain from ET Now and Anisha sent her question
on text. What has supported the margin performance? What are the levers to improve margins
hereon? Deal wins is strong at $2.7 bn. Going forward do you expect clients to cut spending of
this run rate of over $2 bn, will that continue? Will FY24 also see double-digit growth?
Salil Parekh
Let me start with a couple of them. On the margin, Nilanjan will come back on. On the deal
wins, I think this is an incredible performance from the company, $2.7 bn is a very large
number. We have a very strong focus on large deals and 54% being net new that gives us a
really good platform for what we see in the future. Now large deals, we have always
maintained, these are volatile. In some quarters the numbers are high, and some are low. These
are not very predictable outcomes, but in general, if you look over a four-quarter period, we
have a fairly good large deal momentum. Our pipeline for large deals remains quite strong
today and it is in a good position. So we feel comfortable with where we are in the market. Just
to add, the macro comments that I made in the earlier question, those obviously, still hold.
Nilanjan Roy
On the margins, we have improved from 20.0% - 21.5% sequentially, which is a 150 basis
points improvement. We have got 70 basis points out of that because of currency benefits, all
currency versus the dollar as you know depreciated as well, and of course, there was cross-cost
currency impact so that gave us 70 BPS. We got 90 basis points from cost optimization and
you are aware of the levers we deploy in terms of the pyramid, in terms of automation, in terms
of onsite/offshore, pricing, so between that large deal optimization, and other costs which we
have been able to take out are partly offset by utilization, we got about 90 BPS from there. We
have got about 40 BPS from reducing our subcon. Again, cost lever which we have been trying
to attack gave us 40 BPS and this was offset by about 40 BPS from comp related because some
of our comp hikes were rolled out on 1st July as we mentioned. So, all in all, we got 150 basis
points improvement. If you see from the guidance perspective and as we had mentioned in the
last earnings call, we had said we will be at the bottom end of our 21% - 23% guidance. We
5are now looking at our first-half performance. We have for this year at least tightened it to 21%
- 22% and we expect to be at the bottom end of that band.
