:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shagun Verma from Goldman Sachs.
Please go ahead.
Rahul Jain:
This is Rahul here. Just two, three questions. One is on the non-employee cost, it has seen
a pretty sharp spike this quarter. So, just wanted to understand how do you see that?
What’s kind of driving this? I understand business momentum has picked up so that cost
may have started coming through, but apart from that is there anything else that we should
know? On the digital, technology side how is the spending trending and also these
partnerships based spends, for example, The Big Billion Day, etc. So, can you just throw
some color on that?
Rakesh Jha:
Yes, so the employee expenses were up by about 21% on a year-on-year basis. We have
seen about 7-8% increase in the number of employees on an average from last Q2 to this
Q2 and some increase in the salaries. So all of that along with the ESOP cost that came in
this quarter would account for that increase. On the non-employee expenses, there are
clearly two sets of categories, the first category which is growing is virtually all linked to
business. So that would be of course the technology related costs, the retail business
sourcing related cost. We have been buying a fair bit of priority sector lending certificates
as well, that cost has gone up. You mentioned sales and advertisement promotion, those
costs have gone up. So, all of these are costs which we believe are productive good costs
undertaken to improve and increase our core operating profit. The other costs, more of
administrative and infra kind of costs, those have grown in single digits actually in this
period. One thing to keep in mind is that if you look at last year Q2, we had about a 5%
year-on-year decline in our operating expenses. So, the base for us was indeed much
Page 26 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
lower last Q2. So, some bit of that impact is there as well. Having said that, clearly in terms
of the expenses that is there, we are running at a 20% or there about kind of run rate on
expenses and that’s the trend in the absolute near term which one is seeing.
Rahul Jain:
Okay, and then Rakesh just to put simply if you were to look at this cost from, let’s say
growth oriented cost or maintenance oriented cost. How do you view this, is this cost
necessary from a go forward basis?
Rakesh Jha:
So, the way we work in the Bank is that each of the businesses have risk calibrated core
operating profit as the key metric. As a part of that, expense is one of the variables and
each of the business teams then looks at it and there is always a trade-off, one can always
end up with a lower cost in the near term, if you kind of sacrifice a bit on the long term
growth opportunity. That is something that we don’t do. Some of these expenses are
needed for building franchise, maybe they will show results in the next 12-18 months kind
of timeframe. But overall we are committed to growing the risk calibrated core operating
profit. For the increase in expenses that we have, we will continue to work on improving
our revenues in line with that. Given the pandemic, actually some of the numbers have
been a bit up and down as I said, last year some of the expenses were lower and this year
you will see the growth in expenses to be higher. From next year one will see a slightly
more normalized number, but it would still be a growth which is high on the expenses
side.
Rahul Jain:
So the cost to income ratio should then be in a narrow corridor, is what I’m taking away,
is that a fair understanding?
Rakesh Jha:
We don’t focus on that ratio per se. For us, the entire focus is on the core operating profit,
if we are growing that well, that means our cost income ratio goes down 2% or goes up
2%, it’s actually fine. In the longer term, definitely we believe that we should be able to
Page 27 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
grow our revenues at a faster pace than expenses. But in the near term, there are some of
these spends which we will be incurring.
