:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Murarka from HSBC. Please go
ahead.
Abhishek Murarka:
So, couple of questions. Just going back to slippages in retail, it is still about 4-4.5% on an
annualized basis. So, just wanted to know particularly where is it coming from, of course
all sectors are not recovering at the same pace. So is the contribution from commercial
vehicles higher or where is it coming from?
Rakesh Jha:
Abhishek, like we have said earlier also, on the retail business one has to look at the net
additions also because a lot of the gross additions that you see get recovered or upgraded
in the same quarter also. So, of course this quarter the recoveries and upgrades are much
higher than usual, partly reflecting the fact that in Q1-2022 we had higher additions to
gross NPAs. On an overall basis, the numbers that we have seen in the current quarter on
retail, rural, business banking, SME and across portfolios, have pretty much been in line
with our expectation. We have pointed out in the past that commercial vehicle is one
segment where the stress has been there even prior to the Covid-19 period and over the
last 18 months that has kind of continued. Otherwise, across portfolios if you look at the
additions and deletions, it has been a reasonably stable trend and the good thing is that
the overdues on the portfolio also, which I mentioned earlier, have now come back to the
March 2021 level. In June 2021 they had again gotten elevated because of the second
wave. So, the overdues have also come down across retail and the business banking
portfolio.
Page 18 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
Abhishek Murarka:
Sure. Just continuing that, you said on restructuring, that it’s again sort of proportionate
to the loan book. But last quarter for instance you had highlighted that housing, LAP, gold,
those segments had seen relatively higher restructuring. Would it be fair to say that it’s the
same kind of concentration this quarter in your restructured portfolio also?
Rakesh Jha:
No. Last quarter actually the gold loans or the loan against gold jewelry had seen higher
amount of NPA additions because of the challenges on the collections side and this quarter
actually we have seen a fair bit of recoveries coming in from that portfolio. So, again on
the restructuring portfolio, if you look at where we have implemented the Covid-19 2.0
framework, the aggregate number itself is only about Rs .40 billion. That is spread across,
there is some in home loans, within that yes LAP will be there, commercial vehicle, auto
and then little bit in SME and business banking. So, nothing really concentrated there
Abhishek to kind of point out.
Abhishek Murarka:
Okay. Just from a looking forward perspective, the overall slippage rate of 3-3.5%, how
long before you would say it’s a 2% kind of run rate? Are you seeing that kind of recovery
in the economy where you can think that maybe two quarters down the line or three
quarters down the line you would be trending towards a normalized slippage rate?
Rakesh Jha:
Again, if we, for a moment keep aside the pandemic and third wave and all of that, we are
heading in a direction where it should get to a normalized level. The indicator for that is
the overdue book. If it is higher than normal you would expect slippages to be also higher
and the overdues have come down for us and down to March 2021 levels, which were
pretty close to a normal level as well. Again on the retail side, I would request you to look
at the net slippage number as there is a fair bit of addition, deletion and all that happens.
So, from that perspective we should get to a normal level pretty soon.
Page 19 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
Abhishek Murarka:
Sure. The second question is on NIM, just anything in terms of what should be the trend
going forward, because your composition of relatively higher yielding products would
continue to increase looking at the growth rates. So, do you see further uptick from 4-4.1%
levels?
Rakesh Jha:
So, last quarter also we had said that we would try and protect our NIM at the level at
which it was in Q1-2022 which had seen a sequential increase. This quarter definitely the
fact that the net NPL additions are pretty much negligible has helped because interest
reversal and all of that is not there. In addition, because of the NPA deletions, you kind of
collect interest which was not booked earlier. So, that has helped in the current quarter. If
you look at the NIM in H1-2022 which was at about 3.94%, our endeavour will be to protect
the margin at those levels. The moving parts are definitely the competitive intensity which
is there across all the segments of lending. As you would have seen we have really not
been price leaders across any of the products or segments. We would kind of bring down
our prices, if required, based on what we are seeing in the market. The cost of deposits
has really been something which has helped us in improving our margins even in this
quarter. We saw 12 basis point decline in the cost of deposit driven by the 36% year-on-
year growth in daily average current account deposits and 25% year-on-year growth in
average savings accounts balances. So, these are the variables. Overall of course the
interest rates will inch up as RBI kind of normalizes the liquidity in the system. So how the
repo rate moves and how the funding cost moves, all of those will be variables which will
come into play maybe towards the end of the year or in the first half of next year. We will
be focused on pricing our loans appropriately to get the required return.
