:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Kochar from Mirae Asset
Management. Please go ahead.
Gaurav Kochar:
I have a few questions. Firstly, on margins, quarter-on-quarter there was a 11 bps
improvement in margins. If I look at the CD ratio, it has moderated further to 78%. So,
taking maybe a four to six quarter view or a medium term view, assuming your loan growth
picks up and the CD ratio moves towards 85% sort of a mark, what is the outlook on
margins? Also in that context, the share of unsecured credit right now is 10%, if I add up
the personal loans and credit cards. Any sort of target internally that you would have built
there? And say in the next two years, what would this be as a percentage of the overall
loan portfolio? And as a result, what kind of margins can we look at from a 12-18 month
or two-year perspective? That’s my first question.
Rakesh Jha:
So, it’s a very dynamic market and it’s very difficult to have a target on margins. At any
point of time, we are always looking at protecting the margins first, and then seeing the
opportunities to improve it. In the next year, something which all banks, including us, will
face is that a lot of our loans will be linked to external benchmarks. So, we’ll have to see
how the repo rate moves, how the T-bills move, and with respect to that, how the cost of
deposits moves for the Bank. That’s an additional factor which has come in with loans
being linked to external benchmark. Otherwise, definitely we are still sitting on surplus
liquidity on the balance sheet. As that gets deployed, over time we would see some benefit
on the margins from that side. On business mix, our unsecured portfolio had been growing
at a faster pace than the overall portfolio prior to Covid-19, some bit of a slowdown
happened during the pandemic period. We believe we should get back to more normal
levels of growth on that side, but we don’t have any specific target on NIM in a two-year
period.
Page 29 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
Gaurav Kochar:
Sure, but directionally you believe the margins can go up further from here, given the
levers?
Rakesh Jha:
In the medium term, we would always work towards that, it’s going to be a function of a
lot of things and some of those are not under our control as well.
Gaurav Kochar:
Sure, understood. And the next question is on provisions. Looking at the loan book,
provisions are 80% of net NPA. Net NPA in corporate book are almost Rs. 20 billion. PCR
on the retail book is 65% and apart from that, we are also carrying provisioning buffers. In
FY2023, it’s very hard to estimate a credit cost of more than 100 bps, unless of course we
see a third wave. What are your thoughts around this and in this year or maybe next year,
do we see some writebacks from this Covid-19 buffer that you have made in the last 18
months or so?
Rakesh Jha:
So, in two parts if I can take it. On the first one, we have said that through the cycle number
that we look at on credit cost, is for it to be 25% of our core operating profit, which would
be like 120-125 basis points of our loans. So, we should get back to that level once the
pandemic is behind us for sure, because that is what we aim for while we build our
portfolio. Regarding the Covid-19 provisions, it’s an assessment that we will keep on doing
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. The portfolio of course has performed better than what we
anticipated and it’s been better than what we would have taken into consideration while
creating the Covid-19 related provisions. But we are not going to be in a hurry to unwind
all of those provisions. We will assess it quarter by quarter, maybe at the year-end and
we’ll take a call as to how we should do that. It’s something which gives strengths to the
balance sheet so we don’t overthink around that.
Page 30 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
Gaurav Kochar:
Sure, but the intent is to unwind it, maybe at a later date, if not today, but the intent is not
to keep that buffer forever, is this my understanding is right?
Rakesh Jha:
Yes, once the pandemic is over then Covid-19 related provisions will not be there, whether
we maintain some other contingency provision, we will assess all of that and see.
Gaurav Kochar:
Sure, got it and just on ICICI Bank UK, I didn’t hear it properly, is the dividend payout of
USD 20 million or USD 2,200 million?
Rakesh Jha:
No, that was a capital repatriation of USD 200 million. So it was surplus capital in the ICICI
Bank UK subsidiary. As I said, the loan book there has declined and the capital ratio was
like 25%. So, USD 200 million of capital was repatriated back to the parent Bank during the
quarter.
Gaurav Kochar:
Okay. So, this will not be part of the P&L, it will only be added back to the reserves, is it?
Rakesh Jha:
It will not be added back to the reserves, it will come in the capital adequacy. Investment
in subsidiaries is reduced from the capital while computing capital adequacy. So that
number of deduction has come down. And in the balance sheet, it would have resulted in
a reduction in the investment.
Gaurav Kochar:
Alright understood. And just last question, if I can squeeze in, the closing liquidity on the
balance sheet was around Rs. 1.5 trillion. Is the average also around the same number, or
it’s a quarter-end phenomena when the liquidity is high typically?
Page 31 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
Rakesh Jha:
For the average number you should look at the LCR number that we also disclose. That’s
the daily average number which is 130% or so. It’s clearly higher than where we would
ideally want to be.
