:
The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Managers.
Prakash Kapadia:
Over the last few years we've been focusing on cross-selling to our existing customers,
taking feedback on every transaction on the internet. Could you give us some sense on
where are we in the journey and something on assets and liabilities? where is more
headroom for growth? And secondly on mortgages, it's been doing pretty well so what
trends we are seeing in the top 10 cities across India and do we expect the momentum to
continue?
Anup Bagchi:
It's a very interesting question Prakash. The way we look at it and way we do things is that
if you look at the sheer number of customers on the assets side, it will always be lower
than the deposits side because in mortgages the ticket size is very large. However, there
is another set of customers who are coming on to us who are neither deposit customers
nor asset customers. They are essentially payment and service customers like FASTag and
iMobile Pay. Our credit card play is another big source. Now, what is happening is that
there is a steady inflow of customers we are getting, even non-asset and non-liability
customers. They are essentially coming for services which becomes a big source of
liabilities for us. You can cross-sell liability accounts to them and then of course customers
who are not our customers and have taken assets, we then cross-sell liability products to
them.
But I must say that the reverse is a lesser number, that is assets to liabilities. Services to
liabilities is a very large number, services to assets is a smaller number. Liabilities to asset
Page 16 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
is a very large number, assets to liabilities is a relatively smaller number because of the
ticket sizes. But all of them, as you would appreciate, are interlinked because if one is not
there and then if you don't do 360-degree coverage of each of those customers who come
in through the door, then it is an opportunity that we would not have captured. So, that's
how we think about process.
Prakash Kapadia:
You mentioned about being more service oriented or transaction oriented, so what's the
cross-sell journey for them?
Anup Bagchi:
So, let me take an example of FASTag, as we have a dominant market share there. All
customers of FASTag are not ICICI Bank deposit customers. Many of them are but many
of them are also not ICICI Bank deposit customers. It is easier to sell the deposit accounts
to them and once they become deposit account holders and we have more digital
footprint, then we give them pre-approved offers and then we sell asset products. So, I'm
just giving you another dimension. Traditionally banks think of only asset to liabilities and
liabilities to asset, I am just adding a dimension of services also because that is a much
larger flow than just liabilities or just assets.
Prakash Kapadia:
On mortgage if you could give us some color?
Anup Bagchi:
I think there is the enough demand in mortgages and I think it is coming back quite
strongly. The other thing that has happened the corporate real estate developer side is
that after RERA and various reforms, and the volatility in the last few years, I think it is
strengthening and it is consolidating quite well. If you look at market shares of large
developers, they have been increasing. That has been our view now since last one year or
so and it is consolidating well and we are also consolidating our position there. I think it's
the right time to really focus on bank ecosystem and the real estate ecosystem as it's a
very large asset class. It's an asset which will perhaps be larger than the full financial asset
Page 17 of 32ICICI Bank
October 23, 2021
class. So, there is a lot of opportunity and lot of scope there as well. On mortgages, we
have our 360-degree customer coverage strategy firmly in place and there is demand. Of
course there is competitive pricing, as you know, because it’s a low loss given default
product. Our decongested processes and our ability to cross sell to our customers and our
ability to do 360-degree coverage gives us an advantage over many other HFCs.
