: Ladies and gentlemen, good day. And welcome to the Maruti Suzuki India Limited Q4 FY 2021
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode.
And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav. Thank you and over to you, sir.
Pranav Ambaprasad: Thank you, Janis. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon once again. May I introduce you to the
management team from Maruti Suzuki. Today we have with us our CFO – Mr. Ajay Seth. From
marketing and sales, we have Member Executive Board – Mr. R.S. Kalsi, Executive Director
(Marketing & Sales) – Mr. Shashank Srivastava. From corporate, Executive Vice President
(Corporate & Government Affairs) – Mr. Rahul Bharti. From finance, we have Executive
Director – Mr. DD Goyal; Executive Vice President – Mr. Pradeep Garg and Mr. Sanjay Mathur.
The con-call will begin with a brief statement on the performance and outlook of our business
by Mr. Seth. After which we will be happy to receive your questions. May I remind you of the
Safe Harbor. We may be making some forward-looking statements that have to be understood
in conjunction with uncertainty and the risks that the company faces. I also like to inform you
that the call is being recorded and the transcript will be available at our website.
I would now like to invite our CFO, Mr. Seth. Over to you, sir.
Ajay Seth: Thanks, Pranav. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I hope you and your families are healthy
and safe. The country is experiencing an unprecedented situation because of this pandemic. We
pray for speedy recovery for the people who are battling with the COVID-19 infection. We will
continue to observe all COVID COPs and precautions, be sensitive to the human and social
elements, build an environment of positivity and keep working hard as our bit in these difficult
times.
May I start with the business environment that prevailed in financial year FY 2020-2021. It
began with a nationwide lockdown imposed by the government to keep the pandemic in check,
resulted in no sales in April 2020. We used this time to help produce and donate masks,
ventilators and PPEs, of which we had no past experience. The lockdown resulted in severe cash
flow challenges for the company's suppliers and dealer partners. The company immediately
provided cash flow support to wherever it was required for sustainability of our suppliers and
dealer businesses. Many companies in the industry who did not have surplus cash could not take
such remedial measures.
When the operation began post the gradual ease of lockdown restrictions, the company faced the
twin challenge of ensuring safety of health of all the people across its value chain and ensuring
continuity of operations, to put the business quickly back on track. We accorded utmost priority
to ensure the safety of health of all people across the value chain. The company collaborated
with stakeholders and jointly prepared detailed standard operating procedures catering to
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 27th April 2021 2 | Pagespecific needs of every member of the value chain partners. The company increasingly adopted
the use of digital technologies wherever possible. The company also faced business continuity
challenges due to supply constraints caused by both local and global issues, such as state-wise
lockdown restrictions, global semiconductor shortages, natural disasters such as U.S. polar
vortex and geopolitical tensions, among others. With meticulous planning, the company was
able to manage the supply disruptions and could maintain the continuity of operations during the
year.
As lockdown restrictions eased, non-urban markets became bright spots of economic recovery,
and the company focused on those markets, leveraging the favorable conditions. The overall
contribution of sales from the non-urban markets increased by 2.5% to 41% in year 2020-2021.
During the year, consumer profiles also underwent some changes. Driven by the increasing need
for personal mobility, the participation of first-time buyers went up. Also given the dip in
economic activity and uncertainty about growth in incomes, customers continued to hold on to
their existing cars, leading to lower replacement demand during financial year 2020-2021.
During the year, the customer acceptance towards environmental-friendly CNG vehicles
increased. The increase in customer preference over CNG-led technologies made the company
extend its CNG technology in Celerio, S-Presso and Super Carry. Despite overall sales of the
company declining in domestic market was 7.8%, the sale of CNG vehicles grew by nearly 50%.
Consequently, the CNG vehicle share, and overall domestic shares of company has increased to
nearly 12%.
During financial year 2020-2021, the company with technological support from SMC launched
new S-Cross with bigger engine capacity, along with Suzuki's flagship for Smart Hybrid
powertrain technology. The company also launched a facelift of new Swift during the year, with
advanced powertrain and safety features such as electronic stability program, hill hold assist
function in the AGS variants.
During financial year 2020-2021, passenger vehicle market posted a decline despite the recovery
in sales volume in the second half of financial year 2020-2021. The auto sector was witnessing
a structural slowdown even before the pandemic struck. During financial year 2019-2020, the
passenger vehicle industry witnessed its sharpest demand contraction in the last two decades.
During financial year 2020-2021, the pandemic further accentuated the contraction in sales
volume in the passenger vehicle industry. Passenger vehicle demand in financial year 2020-2021
has just recovered to financial year 2015-2016 levels.
The company sold 29,556 units of Super Carry during the year, posting a growth of 35.7% in
BS-VI regime .Company launched India's first gasoline with CNG powered mini trucks in the
market, which is largely dominated by diesel vehicles. The customer liked the high power, low
acquisition and maintenance cost offered by the Super Carry gasoline for CNG powered
vehicles. As a result, the sale of Super Carry not only grew by 35.7% in 2021, but the company
was also able to increase the market share in Super Carry segment by nearly 8% during the year.
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 27th April 2021 3 | PageIn export markets, the pandemic impacted the company's sales during 2020-2021. Export sales
volumes declined by 5.9%. Further during 2020-2021, the company reached a milestone of 2
million units of sales in export market since its inception in January 2021. The start of export
shipment of Jimny created positive consumer sentiments in many export markets.
The price of commodities such as precious group metals PGM as we call it, steel and others
increased suddenly and steeply throughout financial year 2020-2021. The forex movement also
remained adverse during the year. Given the fact that demand for passenger vehicles was just
recovering in the domestic market and due to the uncertainty in sustenance of the demand, the
company undertook a cautious approach in raising the prices of the cars.
In the second half of financial year 2020-2021, despite favorable operating leverage, driven by
increased capacity utilization, lower sales promotional expenses, reduced overhead expenses and
price hikes taken towards the end of the year, the quantum of increase in commodity prices and
lower foreign exchange movements still adversely impacted the operating margins in financial
year 2020-2021.
Let me now come to the financial results:
The company for the quarter sold a total of 492,235 vehicles during the quarter, higher by 27.8%
compared to the same period previous year. Sales in the domestic market stood at 456,707 units,
growth of 26.7%. Exports were at 35,528 units, a growth of 44.4%. It may be recalled that in
quarter four of the previous year, there was a significant decline in sales volume, largely owing
to COVID-19 lockdown.
During the quarter, the company registered net sales of INR 229,586 million, an increase of
33.6% compared to same period previous year. The operating profit for the quarter was at INR
12,501 million, a growth of 72.8% over the same period previous year, on account of higher
sales volume and cost reduction efforts, despite steep commodity price increase.
Net profit over the quarter stood at INR 11,661 crores, lower by 9.7% compared to the same
period last year, owing to the above factors and lower non-operating income owing to mark-to-
market loss on invested surplus.
Coming to full year:
The company's performance for 2020-2021 is to be seen in the context of COVID-19 related
disruptions. The company sold a total of 14,57,861 vehicles during this period, lower by 6.7%
compared to the previous year, and lower by 21.7% compared to 2018-2019.
In financial year 2021, the sales in the domestic market stood at 13,61,722 units, lower was
6.8%. And exports were at 96,439 units, lower by 5.9% compared to the previous year. During
the period, the company registered net sales of INR 665,621 million, lower by 7.2% compared
to that in the previous year.
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 27th April 2021 4 | PageNet profit for the period stood at INR 42,297 million, decreased by 25.1% compared to that in
the previous year on account of lower sales volume, increase in commodity prices, adverse
foreign exchange movement and lower non-operating income, partially offset by lower operating
expenses and cost reduction efforts.
In line with the financial performance of the year and considering uncertain business
environment, the Board of Directors recommended a dividend of INR 45 per share (face value
of INR 5 per share) for FY 2020-21.
We are now ready to take any questions, feedback and any other observations that you may have.
Thank you.
