: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go
ahead.
Kumar Rakesh: My best wishes and prayers for everyone on the call and their family members. My first question
was for Ajay sir. So, on the margin front itself, so how much of commodity sequentially you
said has already come through? And more importantly, what it appears so far is that our price
increases have been trailing the commodity inflation which we are seeing. And in the next
quarter, we will also have the ramp up impact of the new plant in Gujarat. So, would it be fair
to expect that this decline in margin will likely continue at least for a quarter or two?
Ajay Seth: It all depends on what the volume offtake is. Because if situation continues like this and
deteriorates, then, of course, there will be definitely an issue of operating leverage, including the
new plant that is going to come in. But the kind of hit rate that we were having in the fourth
quarter, we are hopeful that we will be at least doing this, and we will actually running short of
supply as we had very low inventories at the end of the year. So, hopefully, I think, if things
don't deteriorate from here and they start improving thereafter, we may see things looking up
and operating leverage being much better. But if they don't, then of course there is this concern
of the outlook. But it will also depend on one more factor that how much more headwind do we
have on commodities, because the onslaught has still not stopped. We are also seeing some rise
in prices even in the first quarter. So, if at some point in time they stop, I think then you will
start seeing that reversal. So, it's difficult to predict at this time what will be the outlook, but
margins can be volatile at least in the first quarter or the first half of this year.
Kumar Rakesh: Got it. Thanks for that. My second question was Shashank, so have you done any study, or you
have any understanding or your thought process around how do you take a call between price
increase and its impact on their demand versus the profitability which as a company you would
want to maintain? So, far it appears that we have been very conservative in taking price increase,
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 27th April 2021 7 | Pagelooking at the demand, but what kind of impact that can potentially do on the demand, do you
have any price elasticity or some understanding of how that plays out vis-à-vis how much of
profitability loss you are okay to take in this process?
Shashank Srivastava: Yes. So, basically when we look at the price hikes, we do look at a combination of factors. So,
one of the factors obviously is to look at the elasticity of demand, which you mentioned just
now, we have quantitative elasticities for different segments, because as you know, different
segments elasticity to price hikes are different. Secondly, we also have to look at the volume
part, because that is where the subjective judgement comes in. Because sometimes when you
assume a certain volume, depending on the market situation, and there is no exact science to
that, except that elasticity part if demand was only a function of price. And there is always, as
you know a debate between what volumes we can achieve and how much profit we should look
at. And somewhere there is a consensus which emerges that this is what is important. Sometimes
the volume takes precedence, sometimes the profitability is also very important. But I think,
given the sticky nature of the market in the last two years, we have been conservative in price
hikes, mainly because we think, as a market leader, it is also our duty to kick start the industry
overall. And that is why when the cost of acquisition has gone up in the last couple of years, we
have really been very conscious of the fact that we need to protect the volumes as well going
forward, not only for Maruti Suzuki but for the industry overall as well.
