: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal from HSBC Securities.
Please go ahead.
Yogesh Aggarwal: Ajay sir, you talked about operating leverage just now. But in the fourth quarter volumes almost
touched 2 million on an annualized basis, so you still think there could be potential for positive
operating leverage next year versus the fourth quarter?
Ajay Seth: No, what I am saying is that if you are able to use the third plant volume also, then you will be
able to absorb the cost, that incremental cost that you are incurring there. So, while we had this
constraint in the fourth quarter, otherwise we could have produced more and we could have
delivered more, as you know our network stock was only 40,000 odd at the end of March. So,
what I am saying is that if there is this demand pull, and we are able to produce high quantity,
then the hit rate of the third and the fourth quarter, with a new plant coming in, then you can
actually neutralize that additional impact that we have been talking about the fixed cost that will
play in the current scheme of things. That is all. Otherwise, I think operating leverage has almost
seen its peak in the third and fourth quarter.
Yogesh Aggarwal: Thanks. Sir, and the other thing is, just big picture. Suzuki talked about the mid-term plan in
February, they talked about double-digit volume growth, lot more EVs in the next three, four
years, but flattish margins from last year to FY 2026. So, in context of everything, would you
be able to provide some clarity on what are the plans for India? And also, just a smaller point to
that, you are now selling almost 6,000 cars to Toyota per month, so how do we see this over the
next one, two years? And in terms of compensation, is there some sharing which can happen
from a Toyota side in terms of larger vehicles?
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 27th April 2021 8 | PageRahul Bharti: Okay. See, on the electrification and the net zero agenda, it's a large agenda. It spans not years,
it spans decades. So, we have to configure our business according to that. As far as electrification
is concerned, still despite many efforts by many stakeholders, the penetration is very low, it is
not even 1% So, the fundamentals have to be addressed first, and the fundamentals are
localization of key components that go into the electric car or the hybrid electric car. So, you are
aware we are working on such localization of parts, we have a lithium-ion cell plant. So, we will
work on the fundamentals and the moment we have a viable, scalable option and offering, we
would of course like to scale it up. As regards Toyota, so far, we are doing about 6,000 numbers.
As and when we have more avenues, we will let you know. But what I can certainly tell you is,
the partnership is working well on exports, so we are able to leverage the network in Africa and
countries like that, and our exports you would have seen it in the numbers. And future should
also be positive on this.
