: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pramod Amthe from Incred Capital. Please go
ahead.
Pramod Amthe: This is with regard to the digital initiatives which you had taken. Considering that the COVID
disruption seems to be more repetitive in sense, so where did you end the sales pull from the
digital marketing? What proportion you have been able to source by the quarter? And also, are
MSIL Conference Call Transcript, 27th April 2021 11 |
Pagethere any more initiatives expected in the coming year to make it a more sustainable going
forward?
Shashank Srivastava: Yes. So, as far as the total enquiry levels are concerned, the contribution last year was about
35% on the digital platform. The contribution towards booking and also in terms of retail was
8%. Going forward, we are expecting it to go up further. And as a result, we have been
strengthening our digital platform, exactly going by what you just mentioned, we expect not
only this disruption to continue often. But also, going forward, even after the disruptions are
over, you will find that the consumer preference to come on the digital platform across the
country would increase. So, we see it as an irreversible trend and that is why we have
strengthened it so much over the last few years.
Pramod Amthe: Sure. And my second question is with regard to the chip challenges. Even though you guys have
been able to manage the supply chain on the chip side, what is your outlook or what are you
feeling in terms of the pricing trend for chips? And do you see a risk of that price hike coming
through in the coming months?
Ajay Seth: So, there are challenges, Pramod, on semiconductors, the situation is uncertain. We have taken
whatever measures we could take in terms of ensuring alternate suppliers or rejigging the model
mix, etc. Whatever it was under our control, we have done that. But moving forward, with the
current condition of COVID, etc., how will it pan out, what will happen is difficult to predict.
So, far, we have been able to manage it. But it's very difficult to give you an answer and
assurance on whether it will be seamless or there could be some disruption. So, it will depend
on how these suppliers behave, because obviously some quantity is getting shifted to priority,
and therefore the production has come down for auto. But I mean, it started happening quite
some time back, we have been able to manage it so far. Let's see and if there is any problem
then, of course, we keep communicating from time to time.
