: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer
session. The first question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Kapil Singh: Firstly, I wanted to know regarding current demand environment, because we have seen a
substantial increase in COVID cases, has that had any kind of impact on demand sentiment in
your view? Or this is more only transactional issues because of the lockdown? So, if you could
comment particularly on rural and suburban demand sentiment also. And also on the supply side,
if we should expect any kind of disruptions because of COVID or because of chip shortage.
Ajay Seth: Shashank, will you like to take this question or the first question, please?
Shashank Srivastava: Yes. On the question of the current demand, so the current demand seems to be holding out as
far as fresh bookings are concerned. We have also substantial pending bookings. But yes, on the
retail front, because there has been a lockdown in nine states so far, including Maharashtra,
Delhi, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, MP, Rajasthan, Karnataka, Meghalaya and Mizoram, they
constitute roughly about 35% of the monthly sales. So, in that sense, the retail might be a little
affected in these areas. But as we go forward, the current levels of bookings and the inflow and
the inquiries, it seems to be okay. Although I must hasten to add that the auto demand is very
closely related to the sentiment, being a discretionary purchase. And if this COVID thing persists
for a longer time, then obviously the sentiments of the consumer get negatively impacted. But
we have to wait and see how long this situation continues.
Kapil Singh: Thanks. And on the supply side, if you can comment on the chip shortage
Ajay Seth: Rahul, would you like to go ahead on this, supplier of semiconductors?
Rahul Bharti: So, so far, we are operating on full capacity, we don't have any problem, supply chain is also
working fine. So, we will keep monitoring in the supply chain because there are many, many
factors. And we will report as and when if we foresee any problem.
