: The next question is from the line of Ronak Sarda from Systematics. Please go ahead.
Ronak Sarda: Just a clarification first. What was the average price hike which we took in January?
Shashank Srivastava: The weighted average is 1.7%
Ronak Sarda: While there is a gap when we talk about medium or large SUV, but when we talk about a compact
SUV, let's say in and around Vitara Brezza range, we are in a way targeting the customers who
are buying a compact or a premium hatchback. So, how do you balance the equation between
market share and profitability because that segment is highly competitive? As you mentioned in
a question earlier, the profitability will depend on a lot of different factors and SUVs are not
inherently profitable. So how do we balance out equation? And what are your thoughts on the
new launches in that category?
Shashank Srivastava: So I think individually we have to look at model-by-model. And what I had referred earlier to
some question which was raised, the profitability obviously depends on the segment you are
operating in, the competitiveness of the segment, the number of models in the segment, our own
Page | 13
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 25 January 2022cost structure and the cost structure in the industry. So, it's a mix, which not necessarily you can
actually differentiate based on an entry SUV or a premium hatch or a mid hatch, etc., By the
way, most competitive also in terms of the number of models is the SUV segment. There are
about 45 models which compete in the SUV space as against hatches there are only 19. So
obviously, there are pluses and minuses. And we have to look at model wise rather than looking
at some overall profitability segment-by-segment.
Ronak Sarda: A final clarification, when we say the order book of around 250,000, how much of this would
be CNG?
Shashank Srivastava: So at the current 264,000, which is the total booking, CNG is 117,000.
Rahul Bharti: May I just explain what Shashank san just mentioned about profitability and market share. What
he is essentially saying is we don't accept the trade off so easily and so early. I think the best
thing that pushes the trade-off far away is excellent products. So if you have excellent products,
you will not face a situation where you have to choose the lesser of two evils, either volume loss
or profitability loss. I'll give you an example. Celerio has a fuel efficiency of 26.68 km/lt. It's
much higher than its nearest competitor. The CNG version has a fuel efficiency of 35.6
kilometres per Kg. Fuel efficiencies in the zone of 30s is unheard of in India. It's only Maruti
who's present in the 30-plus kilometer per Kg club. Similarly, a higher network. If we have a
higher volume, we can sell more numbers of the same model as compared to our competition.
So these are the methods by which we push this trade-off away. We don't accept that there is a
trade-off so easily between profitability and market share.
