: The next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Page | 5
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 25 January 2022Amyn Pirani: My question was mainly on the raw material side. This quarter, we have seen a sequential decline
in raw material sales and even on a raw material per vehicle basis, the costs have come down.
So, can you help us understand as to any particular commodity that has helped or has there been
any reset in the steel or aluminum contract with the supplier?
Ajay Seth: So, there has been a marginal improvement in commodities compared to the second quarter
especially the precious metals have seen a decline compared to where they were in Q2. Although
steel has shown some rise in Q3 as well, but we are now hopeful that moving forward we will
see some correction in the steel prices as well as the precious metals will remain at the levels
where they are. So some impact of commodity reduction has come in Q3. And we expect some
more to come in Q4 if the steel prices come down which we have witnessed in the month of
January. So that's the trend on commodities at this point in time.
Amyn Pirani: Can you remind us as to how often do your steel contract is revised, is it like six months because
while they fell in December quarter, global steel prices are again up, so what's the lead and lag
here?
Ajay Seth: We generally do it for half year, but sometimes depending on the market volatility, we can do it
for shorter periods as well.
Amyn Pirani: One more thing on the currency. Can you remind us what is your yen exposure as we stand today
because obviously royalty is now fully in rupees?
Ajay Seth: Our direct exposure is now reduced to about approximately JPY30 billion.
Amyn Pirani: From the vendor side, like you used to mention as a percentage of revenues, you know to what
extent??
Ajay Seth: There we have exposure of about JPY50 billion thereabouts.
Amyn Pirani: Okay, so JPY30 billion direct plus JPY50 billion indirect?
Ajay Seth: That's right. This is only the yen exposure, there will be some exposure, which is also on the
dollar imports and the euro imports, which is not counted in the yen exposure but they will not
be as large. The exposure is about €68 million in our case direct and €90 million in case of
vendors and similarly there will be some exposure on the dollar side also.
Amyn Pirani: And that would be an offset on the export side, exports is mostly dollars?
Ajay Seth: So now we have a significant natural hedge because exports have gone up quite a bit. So on the
direct side, we have virtually a surplus on dollars; however if we include indirect, then of course,
we have a bit of a deficit dollars because Yen also has two legs, it's dollar yen and dollar rupee.
So to that extent, we have a reasonably good natural hedging now.
