: The next question is from the line of Ashish Jain from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Ashish Jain: My first question is on market share. Now, if you look at the SUV segment in particular, nearly
35%, 40% of volumes at an industry level, it's actually diesel. In that backdrop, how do we see
our market share in SUV even with the new launches? Is CNG a viable option within the SUV
space at all or do you think things will not work in that?
Shashank Srivastava: As I explained, Maruti's market share without the SUV is 65%. So, obviously that is an area of
interest for us if we have to maintain an overall market share, 50% or thereabout. Talking about
the diesel penetration, the diesel penetration currently in industry is around 18%. But if you look
at segment wise, it's quite different. And you're right, passenger cars just around 2% and vans
around 4%. If you see the SUV space, there the entry level SUV is only about 20%. It is actually
in the mid-SUV that you see some traction, in diesel around 58% or thereabouts. But remember
before the Brezza came with that K-15 petrol engine, the diesel share of even entry SUV was
about 88%, 89% just a couple of years back. So in a couple of years, 88% diesel actually became
just around 20% in the entry SUV. And we would expect that going forward, if we have some
really good products in the mid-SUV which are petrol, then also you could expect the sharp fall
in the diesel percentage in the mid-SUV space as well. In the SUV space, the diesel share is
roughly about 37% which used to be about 95% three, four years back. So it has rapidly come
down from about 95% to 37% and even more rapidly in the entry SUV segment. So if you see
some play in the mid-SUV segment for a good petrol SUV, then you might find the same story
being repeated there as well.
Ashish Jain: Is CNG an option in SUV?
Shashank Srivastava: Of course, CNG is an option in SUV as well.
Ashish Jain: My second question is on the airbags and all. Can you give a sense of what will be the cost
implications and all if the regulation goes through?
Rahul Bharti: As of now we are not getting too much into the costs. There's an implication of semiconductors,
there is implication only time of delivery. So it is a comprehensive topic in itself. We are in
discussion with MoRTH and at an appropriate time we'll share the findings.
Page | 15
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 25 January 2022