: The next question is from the line of Raghunandan NL from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.
Raghunandan NL: My first question is on CNG vehicles, can you share the volume number and market share for
Q3? And can you talk about future potential for CNG penetration as increasing share of CNG in
product mix should be market share accretive for the company?
Shashank Srivastava: CNG volumes for April-December period so far are just around 150,000. We hope to close the
financial year around 235,000- 237,000 range. Last year, the similar figure was 160,000 and the
previous year it was 106,000. The penetration of CNG for Maruti Suzuki is now slightly above
15%. And for the eight models in which CNG is there, the penetration is ,30%. Going forward,
we do expect CNG to continue to find traction. And for the next year also we think there is going
to be a good growth in CNG, judging by the order inflow, pending bookings and also the fact
that the CNG network is expanding rapidly across the country and the fuel prices at the pumps
continue to be high for gasoline and diesel.
Raghunandan NL: My second question is company is targeting to fill white spaces ahead and some of the new
products would be in collaboration with Toyota. In a scenario where the product is jointly
developed, would both OEMs launch the product at the same time or Maruti get the opportunity
to launch the product first? I was trying to understand whether bulk of the new model volume
go towards the OEM who launches the product first.
Rahul Bharti: So this is a very conscious well thought-out strategy where we look at our commercial benefits
and the opportunity of sale in the market and then we time it accordingly. So we'll get immense
benefit from this alliance and the timing and the strategies thereof.
Page | 8
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 25 January 2022Raghunandan NL: Lastly, can you share the CAPEX spends on a YTD basis and full year plan for FY'22, and would
it be possible to share the plan for FY'23 as well?
Ajay Seth: So, we have spent so far INR2,233 crores till December and plan for the full year is a little
upwards of INR5,500 crores and we are on target in terms of the plan for the year. So there is
estimated expenditure of about INR 3,000 to be incurred in the next three months.
Raghunandan NL: Broadly, can you indicate the breakup, sir?
Ajay Seth: I don't have the exact breakout with me. But this is divided among the new models, R&D
expenditure, and facilities in the existing capacities that we have, and also the additional land
purchase, etc., that we will do as part of our capital expenditure.
