: The next question is from the line of Pramod Amte from InCred Capital. Please go ahead.
Pramod Amthe: This is with regard to new product launches. It seems because of the semiconductor challenges
some of them got delayed to come through for FY'22 pipeline. In that context, how are you
looking at your planned launches for the remaining products -- do you still maintain the timeline
on a yearly launches, are you deferring the medium term launch plans considering that you need
to maintain some gap and momentum to be built upon new launches?
Shashank Srivastava: It's not probably correct to say that the launch plan itself has been affected by the semiconductor
shortage, it is generally not true. And we do not foresee, going forward we will change our
launch plan based on the semiconductor issue.
Pramod Amthe: Second one is with regard to exports. Considering that this year we have seen a sharp jump.
Wanted to know what is your medium term plan in terms of taking exports as a proportion of
the sales? And also want to get your thoughts on you have also applied for auto PLI? How does
that fit in the overall scheme of things?
Rahul Bharti: So we were able to clock the highest ever exports in this calendar year. And the good part is that
from a demand perspective, it seems sustainable. So we've gone into expansion of products,
expansion of the network, expansion of the number of markets where we are present and all have
helped. It seems sustainable in the medium term, so far, barring any surprises that may come
about. And the second question was on PLI. So, companies have applied for the PLI. And of
course, God is in the details, so there are lots of conditions, lots of thresholds and other
parameters that will determine the total incentives to each company across each product. So, the
good part is that many companies have applied and to that extent, there will be increased
localization and increased production in those technologies, the list of (AAT) Advanced
Automotive Technologies.
Pramod Amthe: Specific to you, yours is more focused on exports for PLI application because localization will
come through for vendors?
Page | 9
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 25 January 2022Rahul Bharti: The earlier format of the PLI scheme seemed to be towards encouraging exports, but now the
latest version in which form it came was about import substitution or localization. So it's about
localization. It is neutral across exports and domestic sales.
