: The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Gunjan Prithyani: The first question is on the news flow around this airbag regulation and also we do have the next
set of CAFE norms. So, could you just help us understand how much will this translate in terms
of cost and at what stage this regulation is?
Rahul Bharti: So, the CAFE norms, I hope we are aware that Maruti is in a best position in terms of CO2
footprint, whether on an absolute scale or a relative scale. And so, we are already meeting the
norm which is supposed to come from April. The second is on the airbag issue. We are in
discussions with the Ministry of Road Transport. It's not just a cost, it's the feasibility also. And
once we have a discussion, we'll be in a better position to share the result.
Page | 7
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 25 January 2022Gunjan Prithyani: The other question I had was on the supply side. Just trying to understand how much
improvement do we expect from where we were in the month of December? And also you
mentioned in the release that we will not reach our full capacity in Q4 as well. So, I just wanted
to clarify when you look at this full capacity, do you include the line-III of Gujarat as well?
Rahul Bharti: So our full capacity is approximately 5.5 lakhs per quarter or about 22 lakhs per annum. And
while there is steady improvement in the supply situation, we still may not be able to reach full
capacity because of electronic components. And of course, the general disclaimer holds true. It's
always unpredictable. So we never know what may happen in this area. It's a global problem.
Gunjan Prithyani: Okay, but the December run rate seem to be sustaining still, there hasn't been any deterioration
to that, right?
Rahul Bharti: We are better in Q4 than we were in Q3.
Gunjan Prithyani: If you could just share the royalty, discount and retail volume numbers for this quarter?
Ajay Seth: Royalty in this quarter was at 3.6% and the discounts were at INR 15,200 in this quarter.
Shashank Srivastava: Q3 retail was 392,171 passenger vehicles plus if you include Super carry, then it is 403,970.
