: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Makharia from HDFC. Please go ahead.
Aditya Makharia: Just a follow on question with Toyota joint development. So there is a lot of news about FY'23
being the big year for Maruti because you will launch two to three SUVs. Now, I know
directionally you will not comment on exact models, but can we expect something quite sizable
coming into next year?
Shashank Srivastava: So as I explained, yes, we have plans to further strengthen our portfolio in different segments,
including the ones where we are currently weak. So you can expect a good strengthening of the
portfolio in the coming years.
Aditya Makharia: You did mention that the chip shortage is now gradually easing. So is it totally gone now and
are we going to be working at that 2.2 million annualized run rate if demand is there?
Shashank Srivastava: So if you see the chip shortage, I think Rahul san explained a little bit. We have been
experiencing gradual improvement in the supply position. And even one small correction is not
with respect to the capacity that we speak of, it is with respect to the production plan which we
have. So in September, we were just around 40% of our plan, in October, that's around 60%, in
November, we were around 83%, 85%, in December, we were just around 90%. So, the situation
in that sense is improving. However, it is still not 100% as you can see, and we are hopeful in
January, Feb and March, we will continue to see this improvement hopefully to be above that
90% mark. But as we have mentioned in our press release, we may not reach 100%. When we
will reach 100% is actually not clear at the moment because we cannot take a definitive view on
that because it's a very complex supply chain, which is involving not just Maruti Suzuki but all
OEMs in India and not just India, but across the globe.
Aditya Makharia: Just the last question on market share, because you have lost market share in the first six months
due to chip shortage. Now we see Hyundai is really on the back foot on that count. Will that also
enable us now to catch up on where we actually should be at the 50% mark?
Shashank Srivastava: I did mention if we look at the segment wise market share, I gave the figures for passenger cars
it is 63%, for vans it is 96%, for MPV it is 64% and without the SUVs, we are around 65% of
the market share. So, I don't know whether the chip shortage for other OEMs is going to help us
or not. Obviously they're looking at our performance and hopefully like in December our retail
market share was close to 50%. We will try to maintain that mark going forward.
