: We have our next question from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS. Please go ahead.
Pramod Kumar: And just on the opening comments, you talked about future SUV launches to dominate the
segment, like how you dominate the other categories, which is quite heartening because your
current SUV market share, SUV plus MPV market share is 17 percentage points. So, if you can
just help us understand between you or Rahul san as to what are the plans here because the
understanding is that it's a pretty competitive segment with very well entrenched models and
Maruti is kind of coming late in the category. You're talking about dominance, but even if it's
significant market share what are plans and how do you get there, sir?
Ajay Seth: So, Pramod, I think let the excitement carry on some more time because we have said that we
are commited to address this SUV segment. And therefore, we have mentioned that there will
be more launches in these segments. But as you're aware that we don't give any details of the
products, product plans and as such, there should be some excitement which will be visible to
you as you saw in Grand Vitara, maybe soon you will see more excitement in the newer launches
that we will have. But definitely, we are committed to the SUV segment, which will not only
help us address the growing segment but also help us address the market share loss that we've
had in the past.
5 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 28th October 2022Pramod Kumar: And then sir, just related to this, generally the automotive thumb rule is that the pricing of a
product goes higher, the profitability is generally better, of course, subject to scale. And SUVs
are significantly more pricier than comparable products in every category. So, is that
understanding right that as you make this pivot from a hatchback less portfolio to a higher price
SUV segment, there is no reason why you should be kind of compromising your profitability,
right, when you make the switch and transition.
Ajay Seth: See, profitability is all dependent on what is your ability of pricing a product at a given point in
time. And in the past with portfolio being the smaller cars and we were not present in the SUV
segment, still our profitability was reasonably good. I think it'll be a combination of what the
market can absorb, where you can price your product and also, when the product matures over
a period and as you localize and cost goes down, things change in that interim period. So, it will
be a combination of many factors. So, giving an answer to that would be very complicated at
this point in time.
Pramod Kumar: Sir, and the last question then is on the financial, on the expenditure side, we have seen that it
kind of outpaced the revenue growth, quarter-on-quarter, other expenditures, revenue growth.
So, what is driving that sir, and if you can just throw more light on the sustainable number there,
and even your employee expense has seen a reasonable jump. So, if you can just help us
understand these 2 better, sir.
Ajay Seth: So, in sequential, one thing that's built in and this is also other expenses is royalty. And with the
volume going up, the royalty also as an absolute value goes up. And so there is an impact of that
which is increased from Q1 to Q2, that's about INR 150 crore. Then there is increase in the
advertisement and marketing costs. And as you are aware that we’ve had launches, and also we
mentioned in the previous call as well that we will not be shying away from investing in
marketing spend because that gives us a much longer visibility. So, that's gone up by another
INR 150 crore. And also the manufacturing expenses have gone up because of the significant
rise in the energy prices, the power and fuel costs have significantly gone up. Also, certain
activities that we were scaling down earlier, and in a normal situation, we've restarted that. So,
there's an increase on that account as well. So, these are broadly the heads where it's gone up.
There is a small increase in other heads, including the employee costs, which is a normal increase
that you have on account of the normal increments, etc, that happens during the year. But other
than that, I think there is no other factor of increase at this point in time.
Pramod Kumar: And would you expect the marketing intensity to continue like this? Or you would expect some
bit of normalization or even on the royalty side, is there any launch related royalty pay off one-
off when a new model is introduced?
Ajay Seth: No. So, there is no launch related royalty that we pay. Royalty is basically linked to sales. And
it will be based on the same formula that we have mentioned to you in the past. So, there will be
no change as far as that is concerned. Marketing spend will depend on many factors. There is a
kind of visibility that we need for the new models, the kind of visibility that we need for existing
6 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 28th October 2022brands and existing models. And also, as you're aware, we mentioned that we'll be bringing in
more new models, so obviously the spend will remain stepped up.
