: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have the first
question from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Kumar Rakesh: My first question was around realization. So, sequentially, we have seen an increase in the
realization by about 2%. Now, this is quite noteworthy given that in the context of the volume
mix which we had during the quarter, mini and compact segments mix had increased while UVs
4 | P age
MSIL Conference Call Transcript 28th October 2022and export mix or the volume mix was lower. And also discounting in September quarter usually
is higher than what happens in the June quarter. So, despite all of this, we have seen an increase
in realization. So, can you please help us understand that what led to this realization increase?
Ajay Seth: Sequentially, there is an improvement in realization and this is attributed to again the mix
because while we had lauched the new Alto, the price point of the old Alto and new Alto were
different. So, that's one part. Second also, I think the proportion of the Brezza and other high-
end vehicles were higher compared to the first quarter, which led to this higher realization. Also
the fact that we had taken a price increase in the first quarter, which was partial in first quarter
and fully absorbed in the second quarter. So, that also had its impact. Discounts are more or less
same in the 2 quarters. It’s marginally higher in this quarter compared to first quarter, not very
different.
Kumar Rakesh: My second question was how to look at now at the installed capacity that we have access to at
Maruti given that we’ll also have access to Toyota’s capacity, so what number we should be
looking at the installed capacity for us?
Rahul Bharti: So, as of now, we have about 22.5 lakh capacity at Haryana plus Gujarat. Of course, production
at Karnataka is over and above this. And in times to come, we are in process of working on the
Kharkhoda plant, which will be up and running in the year 2025. And if required, I think most
likely we might have to add about 1 lakh capacity on a short term basis in Manesar to meet
intermediate demand. Manesar 1 lakh might come by April ’24 and Kharkhoda in the subsequent
year.
