
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question
is from the line of question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities. Please
go ahead.
Moshe Katri
Thanks, and congrats on strong results. So, most of the questions we are getting this morning
were around margins and the leverage in the model. And I guess there is a lot of focus on wage
inflation that is picking up and attrition that is picking up. Maybe you can talk a bit about the
levers in the model and how do we get that comfort that the 22% to 24% EBIT margin range
is sustainable beyond this year? And then should we assume that I guess the second half should
have maybe some less pressure on margins given some of the normalization on the bench? Is
that the right way to look at it? Thanks a lot.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes. Moshe, so I think as we had given the guidance at the beginning of this year of 22% to
24% and coming on the back of 24.5% last year, I think we were clear that there would be some
headwinds – we got the one-off benefits during FY21 and we had articulated that clearly in
terms of travel, facility, some other discretionary costs, the deferred costs like wage hikes,
promotions, etc., which were put on hold. And we had clearly said that those will be headwinds
as we look into FY22, and that was really factored into the 22% to 24% margin as well. What
has changed slightly is the demand which has picked up. And like I always say it is better that
demand chasing supply than supply chasing demand, because in the long run, it is much better
to fulfill demand as it comes. We can continue to work on our cost optimization levers and of
course our guidance also goes up. We have seen these small headwinds during the year and in
terms of retention costs going up, some impact on subcons. But for instance, we just announced
we will take now 35,000 college graduates, that will help us to fuel the pyramid, help us in cost
optimization and we continue to look at the other avenues of automation, onsite offshore mix
etc. So, I think that we are quite confident on 22% to 24%. Whilst there maybe the short-term
impact, but I think some of them like subcons, etc., once hiring comes back we should see some
benefits there. So, I think in our overall model, we remain quite confident within the 22% to
1024%. But like I said, I mean, the most important thing is that if demand is chasing supply, this
is a situation we really want to be in rather than the other way around.
Moshe Katri
Understood and just as a follow-up, given the fact that digital is almost 54% of revenues, should
we assume any sort of pricing power coming up from that part of the business especially based
on some of the commentary you are seeing from some of the pure-play digital names out there?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes. so there has been two structural impacts of the pandemic. One is, the entire workforce
transformation and the ability basically to work any part of the world, whether near shore,
offshore, on premise. And the other one is, the whole digital transformation impact, which is
fundamental to how the consumers of our clients are interacting with them. And this is just not
about mainline brick-and-mortar retail. This extends to manufacturing. It extends to financial
services, insurance and I think a lot of our clients fundamentally realize that to support and fuel
the spend towards new digital transformation, a lot of that can come from cost optimization,
which, in a way, speaks to the offshoring trend, and COVID has demonstrated that we can
fulfill this requirement from any part of the world and that savings can be fueled back into the
digital transformation. So that is at a demand level, good news. Also, I think now a lot of our
conversations is also navigating more towards value and the kind of value we are delivering
for our clients, whether it is on the consumer side, on the retention side, it is in the supply chain
logistics. And we are positioned ourselves not just about the rate card or price per hour, but
about more innovative ways of pricing, where it is clearly linked to outcome - linked to results
of our clients and that is the way we think in the future, this can help us in pricing. The work
we are doing has just about started, and we think, over the next few quarters and more
structurally, we may be able to get some tailwinds around this.
