
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go
ahead.
Ankur Rudra
Thank you. Congrats on a good start of the year. On the first question, do you think looking at
the demand environment that you would want to be a bit more flexible on where your margins
land and how you are optimizing for growth in investments compared to the plans we had at
the start of the year?
Salil Parekh
Ankur, this is Salil. Thanks for the question. I am not sure I fully followed it, but to first respond
then we can clarify. The way the demand environment is shaping up, which I know you see
very well, is extremely strong. And our approach is to make sure that the capability sets we
have built are available to our clients to help them with their digital programs and automation
programs. Within that, we, at this stage, are not trying to fine-tune what part will go more or
less. We see that demand as a holistic picture, and we are driving to make sure that we work
with our clients in doing that. What is clear, as Nilanjan shared a little bit earlier is that we have
several levers in the operations toolkit, if you can call it that, which we are deploying so that
each of this tool of work, wherever they start from, are then further optimized. And that gives
us the confidence because of those levers that we will land fairly clearly within the margin
band. That is the approach that we have in place today.
Ankur Rudra
Thank you, Sir. I think part of my question, which has not been completely addressed was do
you think, for example, the margins came in lower in 1Q versus what you had planned earlier
and hence, you are being a bit more flexible in what you said, chasing demand as opposed to
optimizing for margin?
Salil Parekh
21I think my sense is we had shared over the last year, and I know Nilanjan had also shared that
many of the outcomes last year were onetime benefits, for example, on the travel. Of course,
the onsite offshore mix has moved much more in a secular way. The fact that we reduced
several other cost line items in the March, April, May timeframe last year with a different view
to where things are going. So, we did not think, at least in our minds that the margin was going
to be different. We started the year also with 22% to 24%, even as we closed out the previous
year, 24.5% because we could see the salary increase, which we had done later than originally
planned in January, the second salary increase of July, all of those were coming up. So, in that
sense, we are not changing, as you call it, chasing something more because this margin has
come in low. We had this view of the margin as we started the year. The demand outlook has
actually become stronger. So, we feel what we started with 12% to 14% with what we are
seeing in the way these deals are working, and there is a lot of activity where clients are coming
to us. To give you one example, two weeks ago, I was in a client discussion where they want
us to expand what we do within that client portfolio. Within this one client, it could be 30%,
40% expansion, and these are just anecdotal, which add up. And my colleagues, all of our sales
team are having those sorts of discussion. So, that gave us the confidence to increase the growth
guidance - not that we are chasing something more because the margin was lower than what
we expected.
Ankur Rudra
I appreciate the color. Just one follow-up, if I can, the supply situation that you are facing in
the market, which you elaborated on, do you think that had any bearing on the signings in the
quarter, that is part one. And part two is, is the supply situation having an impact on client
conversations and competitive behavior from a pricing perspective?
Salil Parekh
If you look back over the last five or six quarters, and this is something I have heard from many
clients who feel that we have consistently supported and delivered without any real constraint.
So, we are seeing a benefit as clients say we would rather have you scale up with us. So, the
supply situation however we put it, I feel is coming as a benefit to us because as Pravin has
shared in other forums, we have an incredible brand, which attracts talent. We have an
incredible training capability and all of those things are not short-term things, these you cannot
22develop over a quarter. That helps us to bring in the talent, which is what clients see. And so
yes, there is a supply constraint because there is a huge demand, but we are still seeing good
growth and, in fact, improving our growth guidance.
