:
The first question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama Wealth.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Congratulations. My first question is on cost of funds. Over the last 2 quarters, in
each of the quarters, you've seen an over 30 basis points Q-o-Q increase in cost of
funds. So do we see this increase moderating from here on? And, where or when do
cost of funds peak?
Anindya Banerjee:
I don't want to talk about the level, but we will see the cost of funds continue to
increase I would guess, for the next couple of quarters. And by then, the repricing
impact should have largely taken place, that trajectory will continue.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Okay. Any kind of colour that you could give on how much deposits have already
been repriced and how much are pending to be repriced, how much liability?
Anindya Banerjee:
Not really, because it is a function of both scheduled and premature repayments and
also, of course, now given the growth in the deposit base itself, function of the rates
that we see incremental deposits are being raised. So, I think, you could try and look
at it based on sort of the current versus historic deposit rates and that should give a
fair idea. We still have some way to go.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Okay. And my next question is on loan growth. So, in the quarter, at least on a
sequential basis, unsecured has grown much faster than secured, even housing. Is
there any challenge to asset quality in any of the segments? So, maybe not in the
14income segments you operate in, but there are often noises about unsecured NPLs
going up, it may not be for banks like you, but in general. So, any stress in any
segment which could then lead the regulator to hike risk rates?
Anindya Banerjee:
I mean, we can talk about our own portfolio. And as you can imagine, we also pay
close attention to market commentary, as well as regulatory commentary and keep
looking at the portfolio and various cuts of the portfolio. So we are quite comfortable
with our origination and the quality of the portfolio that we have, as well as the
incremental volumes that we're doing. So, no concern from our side as such. I think,
we continue to see pretty decent opportunity for penetration in our existing customer
base, and also for new customer acquisition in our target segments.
