:
The next question is from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal.
17Nitin Aggarwal:
Congrats on the results. One question is like, has there been any change in the way
ICICI Bank is looking at its subsidiaries now? Because often, like changing plans to
increase stake in ICICI Lombard down for the period of ICICI Securities. So, any color
on that?
Anindya Banerjee:
I don't think there is any fundamental change as far as ICICI Lombard is concerned.
As you are aware, our shareholding had come down below 50% due to an M&A that
the company has done. And as per statute, we can't hold between 30% and 50%.
And when this event happened in 2020, the view was that we would have to go
down to 30%, for which we had obtained the regulatory exemption for 3 years, which
we subsequently were able to obtain an extension of 1 year. But as things panned
out, I think we felt that it would be possible to look at increasing our stake back
above 50%, and that is what we decided to do. And we are, of course, awaiting
regulatory approval for that, and the application is pending. So, I think, if you look at
it from a strategic perspective, whether it is at 48% or 51% is still a very large holding.
It's a company carrying our name and so on. So I don't think anything fundamentally
changes. It's more a way of what is the best way of complying with the statute.
As far as ICICI Securities is concerned, I think we have always said that it is very core
to our business and there is a lot of synergy between ICICI Bank and ICICI Securities.
And we have been quite clear that we don't intend to monetize, although it is a listed
company and required to maintain a minimum public float, we would not want to go
below 75% in that entity. And then as we saw the opportunity to enter into a Scheme
of Arrangement and make it a wholly-owned subsidiary, we thought that that would
be the right path to pursue given the synergies between the 2 companies. But I don't
think either of these is really fundamentally strategic changes.
18Nitin Aggarwal:
Okay. And second question is, there has been a slight increase in our NIM advances
this quarter, is it possible to share how much of this increase is due to the mix change
and growth and how much is due to repricing of loans? What I'm trying to really
assess is like, this quarter the NIM compression has been around 12%. So, in the
absence of any repricing-related benefit, is it fair to say that NIM could see sharper
decline in 2Q and 3Q, when the repricing could be at its peak?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, this quarter, I think, if you look at it, we have seen some increase in our yield on
investments and on our yield on advances. I think, we did get some benefit of the
last repo hike, which happened during Q4, because the portfolio reprices over a
period of time based on the reset date. So that benefit did come. There was also
some benefit in the yield on investments, because of the repricing of some of the
floating rate bond portfolio and so on. So, assuming that repo rate remains where it
is, those kind of benefits will not be there in the subsequent quarters, that's correct.
Nitin Aggarwal:
Right. And if I can squeeze in one more question. On the corporate lending piece, like,
we have reported pretty strong growth, 19%, some of the peers this quarter have
not grown citing the pricing pressures. So how do you view versus the competitive
environment in wholesale business?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, actually, I think if you look back a little further, we were not growing till last year,
our corporate loan portfolio as much, while some of the peers were growing it at a
much faster clip and our main concern was around the levels of pricing. I would say,
over the last year, possibly, certainly, there has been some improvement, post the
monetary tightening cycle, there was some better opportunities for corporate
19lending. So, we continue to look at the risk-adjusted returns and really the whole
overall ecosystem approach, because we don't see the lending decision in isolation.
And wherever we see that there is an overall opportunity for the corporate, that
opportunity from a particular client and their ecosystem, we participate in it. I think,
basically, what we're looking for is the first principle of return of capital. We want to
keep the portfolio reasonably granular and really look at cases where we have a
larger ecosystem opportunity in terms of their value chain and their employee base.
So, within this construct, we're quite happy to grow the corporate portfolio.
