:
The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup.
Kunal Shah:
Yes. Congratulations for a good set of numbers. So, firstly, on just the deposit
growth, a lot of catch-up which has happened in this particular quarter itself, getting
towards almost of 18-odd percent. So within this term deposits, incrementally how
much would have been, say, wholesale versus retail?
Anindya Banerjee:
Since the proportion in our deposit base hasn't really changed. I think, we've always
said that 75% to 80% of our deposits overall are retail and that continues. So we've
seen pretty strong growth on the retail side. And of course, we have seen some flows
on the wholesale side as well, but retail continues to be the prime driver.
15Kunal Shah:
Okay. And, in terms of again, the larger part of deposits in terms of the repricing. So,
Mahrukh also asked that question, but should we see further catch-up, maybe in the
deposits, which would have been raised currently, this would not have entirely got
reflected in terms of the cost of deposits now and that should lead to a higher cost
of deposits catch-up in the coming quarter?
Anindya Banerjee:
As I mentioned, there is a deposit rate. Now, if you look at the retail deposit rate, it
has been more or less stable for the last 6, 7 months. So, to the extent that there are
deposits from prior periods that have to mature and reprice, that effect will play
through. In addition, of course, the growth in deposits itself. So, if you look at this
quarter, we have increased our term deposit base by about INR620 billion. So, that
growth in incremental deposit will also affect the overall cost. So we will see a
continuing increase in the cost of deposits for the next couple of quarters.
Kunal Shah:
Sure. And second on employee costs. So, last time, you already had a one-off of the
retirement and maybe the pace was expected to moderate, but in fact, even on that
base we have seen a sequential uptake. So, you highlighted mainly the annual
incentives, but how much would be the stable level of employee cost we should look
at it? What was the one-off in terms of the annual incentives?
Anindya Banerjee:
See, we don't really disclose the annual incentives, etc. But if you look at it, we had
done significant additions to the team in the second half of last year and we have,
of course, on top of that, added number of people in the first quarter as well. And
also, given the increments and started the year at that level. So that is what has led
to the increase in the employee cost. And from here on, we will see based on our
16business plans, we do expect to continue to hire, and that will start contributing to
revenues also at some point.
Kunal Shah:
Sure. And one last question on MCLR differential to private banks. We are still much
lower, almost like 25 to 45 basis points kind of there Any plans to catch up on that?
Maybe, obviously, it's a factor of cost of deposits and the return expectations, but
still it's much on the lower side. And should we see we're getting the benefit on the
corporate when we do the lending, maybe clearly a pricing benefit vis-a-vis the
private peers?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, I think the way in which MCLR is required to be computed is pretty prescriptive.
So we basically follow those guidelines and there is an outcome, there is some
discretion beyond that, but it's pretty limited. And so, there is no real question of,
say, on the base MCLR, which is the one-year MCLR is doing a catch-up per se. It is
a function of the formula.
In terms of the corporate lending, I think, if we look at the current level of MCLR that
we have, there are, of course, corporates who are borrowing below that level. So
those end up getting some amount linked to external benchmarks and so on. So, I
think the level of the MCLR itself does have some impact, but not may be as much,
because finally what matters is really the level of yield. I mean, the MCLR is just a
benchmark like other available benchmarks.
